android.support.annotation.Keep
android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope[] values()
android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope: android.support.annotation.RestrictTo$Scope valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.design.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_fab_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_fab_out
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
android.support.design.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
android.support.design.R$animator: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.design.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.design.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.design.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.design.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int background
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
android.support.design.R$attr: int borderWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int color
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.design.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.design.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$attr: int contentScrim
android.support.design.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.design.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.design.R$attr: int divider
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.design.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.design.R$attr: int errorEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int expanded
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int fabSize
android.support.design.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.design.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int headerLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int height
android.support.design.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int icon
android.support.design.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.design.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.design.R$attr: int insetForeground
android.support.design.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int keylines
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout
android.support.design.R$attr: int layoutManager
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_anchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_behavior
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_keyline
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
android.support.design.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
android.support.design.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.design.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.design.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.design.R$attr: int logo
android.support.design.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.design.R$attr: int menu
android.support.design.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.design.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.design.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
android.support.design.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.design.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.design.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int reverseLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int rippleColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
android.support.design.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.design.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.design.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.design.R$attr: int showText
android.support.design.R$attr: int showTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int spanCount
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.design.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.design.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_collapsed
android.support.design.R$attr: int state_collapsible
android.support.design.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
android.support.design.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.design.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabBackground
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabContentStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabGravity
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int tabTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.design.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorError
android.support.design.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.design.R$attr: int theme
android.support.design.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int title
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleEnabled
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.design.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarId
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.design.R$attr: int track
android.support.design.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.design.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.design.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
android.support.design.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.design.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.design.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.design.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_error
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
android.support.design.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
android.support.design.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.design.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.design.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.design.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.design.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.design.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.design.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.design.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
android.support.design.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.design.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
android.support.design.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.design.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.design.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_1
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_2
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_3
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_1
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_2
android.support.design.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_3
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility_off
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_password_eye
android.support.design.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.design.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.design.R$id: int action0
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.design.R$id: int action_container
android.support.design.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.design.R$id: int action_image
android.support.design.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.design.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.design.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.design.R$id: int action_text
android.support.design.R$id: int actions
android.support.design.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.design.R$id: int add
android.support.design.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int all
android.support.design.R$id: int always
android.support.design.R$id: int auto
android.support.design.R$id: int beginning
android.support.design.R$id: int bottom
android.support.design.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.design.R$id: int center
android.support.design.R$id: int center_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int center_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.design.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.design.R$id: int clip_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int clip_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.design.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int custom
android.support.design.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.design.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.design.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
android.support.design.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
android.support.design.R$id: int design_navigation_view
android.support.design.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.design.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.design.R$id: int end
android.support.design.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.design.R$id: int enterAlways
android.support.design.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
android.support.design.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
android.support.design.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.design.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.design.R$id: int fill
android.support.design.R$id: int fill_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int fill_vertical
android.support.design.R$id: int fixed
android.support.design.R$id: int home
android.support.design.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.design.R$id: int icon
android.support.design.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.design.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.design.R$id: int image
android.support.design.R$id: int info
android.support.design.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
android.support.design.R$id: int largeLabel
android.support.design.R$id: int left
android.support.design.R$id: int line1
android.support.design.R$id: int line3
android.support.design.R$id: int listMode
android.support.design.R$id: int list_item
android.support.design.R$id: int masked
android.support.design.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.design.R$id: int middle
android.support.design.R$id: int mini
android.support.design.R$id: int multiply
android.support.design.R$id: int navigation_header_container
android.support.design.R$id: int never
android.support.design.R$id: int none
android.support.design.R$id: int normal
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.design.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.design.R$id: int parallax
android.support.design.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int pin
android.support.design.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.design.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.design.R$id: int radio
android.support.design.R$id: int right
android.support.design.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.design.R$id: int right_side
android.support.design.R$id: int screen
android.support.design.R$id: int scroll
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.design.R$id: int scrollable
android.support.design.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.design.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int search_button
android.support.design.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.design.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.design.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.design.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.design.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.design.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.design.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.design.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.design.R$id: int showHome
android.support.design.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int smallLabel
android.support.design.R$id: int snackbar_action
android.support.design.R$id: int snackbar_text
android.support.design.R$id: int snap
android.support.design.R$id: int spacer
android.support.design.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.design.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.design.R$id: int src_in
android.support.design.R$id: int src_over
android.support.design.R$id: int start
android.support.design.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.design.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.design.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.design.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.design.R$id: int text
android.support.design.R$id: int text2
android.support.design.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.design.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.design.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
android.support.design.R$id: int textinput_counter
android.support.design.R$id: int textinput_error
android.support.design.R$id: int time
android.support.design.R$id: int title
android.support.design.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
android.support.design.R$id: int title_template
android.support.design.R$id: int top
android.support.design.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.design.R$id: int touch_outside
android.support.design.R$id: int transition_current_scene
android.support.design.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
android.support.design.R$id: int up
android.support.design.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.design.R$id: int view_offset_helper
android.support.design.R$id: int visible
android.support.design.R$id: int withText
android.support.design.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.design.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.design.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.design.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.design.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
android.support.design.R$integer: int hide_password_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int show_password_duration
android.support.design.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.design.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
android.support.design.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.design.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.design.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.design.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.design.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
android.support.design.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
android.support.design.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
android.support.design.R$string: int password_toggle_content_description
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_eye
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_strike_through
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_visible
android.support.design.R$string: int path_password_strike_through
android.support.design.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.design.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.design.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.design.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
android.support.design.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
android.support.design.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.design.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.design.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.design.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
android.support.design.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.design.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.design.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.design.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.design.R$styleable: int View_theme
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: BaselineLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.BaselineLayout: int getBaseline()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setItemPosition(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: int getItemPosition()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setShiftingMode(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView: void setItemBackground(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getIconTintList()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setItemBackgroundRes(int)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: int getItemBackgroundRes()
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: void setPresenter(android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationPresenter)
android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationMenuView: android.support.design.internal.BottomNavigationItemView getNewItem()
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: ForegroundLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: int getForegroundGravity()
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForegroundGravity(int)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: void setForeground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.ForegroundLinearLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getForeground()
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: NavigationMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setActionView(android.view.View)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuItemView: void setNeedsEmptyIcon(boolean)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: NavigationMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.internal.NavigationMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.design.internal.ParcelableSparseArray: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: SnackbarContentLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.TextView getMessageView()
android.support.design.internal.SnackbarContentLayout: android.widget.Button getActionView()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setExpanded(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getTotalScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getUpNestedPreScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedPreScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getDownNestedScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getMinimumHeightForVisibleOverlappingContent()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: void setTargetElevation(float)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: float getTargetElevation()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getPendingAction()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout: int getTopInset()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior: AppBarLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$Behavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior: AppBarLayout$ScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnLayoutChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnLayoutChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$SnackbarBaseLayout: void setOnAttachStateChangeListener(android.support.design.widget.BaseTransientBottomBar$OnAttachStateChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setOnNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getMaxItemCount()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: int getItemBackgroundResource()
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.BottomNavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior: BottomSheetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.BottomSheetBehavior$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: CheckableImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CheckableImageButton: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setTitleEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimsShown(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAlpha(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimAlpha()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setContentScrimResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentScrim()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrim(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setStatusBarScrimResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarScrim()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getCollapsedTitleGravity()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleGravity()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setCollapsedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getCollapsedTitleTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getExpandedTitleTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginStart()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginStart(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginTop()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginTop(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginEnd()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginEnd(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getExpandedTitleMarginBottom()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setExpandedTitleMarginBottom(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimVisibleHeightTrigger(int)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: int getScrimVisibleHeightTrigger()
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: void setScrimAnimationDuration(long)
android.support.design.widget.CollapsingToolbarLayout: long getScrimAnimationDuration()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: CoordinatorLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setOnHierarchyChangeListener(android.view.ViewGroup$OnHierarchyChangeListener)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackground()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: android.support.v4.view.WindowInsetsCompat getLastWindowInsets()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumWidth()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getSuggestedMinimumHeight()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: void setFitsSystemWindows(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: java.util.List getDependencySortedChildren()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$Behavior: CoordinatorLayout$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.CoordinatorLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: FloatingActionButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getRippleColor()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setRippleColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBackgroundTintList()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setUseCompatPadding(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: boolean getUseCompatPadding()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setSize(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getSize()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: int getSizeDimension()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getContentBackground()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: float getCompatElevation()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setCompatElevation(float)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButtonImpl getImpl()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior()
android.support.design.widget.FloatingActionButton$Behavior: FloatingActionButton$Behavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.HeaderBehavior: HeaderBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.HeaderScrollingViewBehavior: HeaderScrollingViewBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setNavigationItemSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$OnNavigationItemSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: int getHeaderCount()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemIconTintList()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemIconTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getItemTextColor()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemTextColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getItemBackground()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setCheckedItem(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: void setItemTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.design.widget.NavigationView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.Snackbar$SnackbarLayout: Snackbar$SnackbarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior
android.support.design.widget.SwipeDismissBehavior: SwipeDismissBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabIndicatorHeight(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: float getScrollPosition()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setOnTabSelectedListener(android.support.design.widget.TabLayout$OnTabSelectedListener)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabCount()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getSelectedTabPosition()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabMode(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMode()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabGravity(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabGravity()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabTextColors(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTabTextColors()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setupWithViewPager(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setTabsFromPagerAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabScrollRange()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: void setSelectedTabView(int)
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getDefaultHeight()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMinWidth()
android.support.design.widget.TabLayout: int getTabMaxWidth()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.Typeface getTypeface()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setEditText(android.widget.EditText)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.widget.EditText getEditText()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintInternal(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getHint()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setErrorEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setErrorTextAppearance(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setError(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setCounterEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setCounterMaxLength(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: int getCounterMaxLength()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getError()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setHintAnimationEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(int)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPasswordVisibilityToggleDrawable()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getPasswordVisibilityToggleContentDescription()
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleEnabled(boolean)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout: void setPasswordVisibilityToggleTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.design.widget.TextInputLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior()
android.support.design.widget.ViewOffsetBehavior: ViewOffsetBehavior(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: VisibilityAwareImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: VisibilityAwareImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: VisibilityAwareImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.design.widget.VisibilityAwareImageButton: int getUserSetVisibility()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getStrokeColor()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeColor(int)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeWidth()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeWidth(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getStrokeAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setStrokeAlpha(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: int getFillColor()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillColor(int)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getFillAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setFillAlpha(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathStart()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathStart(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathEnd()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathEnd(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: float getTrimPathOffset()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VFullPath: void setTrimPathOffset(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: java.lang.String getGroupName()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: android.graphics.Matrix getLocalMatrix()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getRotation()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setRotation(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotX()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotX(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getPivotY()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setPivotY(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleX()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleX(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getScaleY()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setScaleY(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateX()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateX(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: float getTranslateY()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VGroup: void setTranslateY(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: java.lang.String getPathName()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[] getPathData()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPath: void setPathData(android.support.graphics.drawable.PathParser$PathDataNode[])
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setRootAlpha(int)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: int getRootAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: void setAlpha(float)
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VPathRenderer: float getAlpha()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableCompatState: int getChangingConfigurations()
android.support.graphics.drawable.VectorDrawableCompat$VectorDrawableDelegateState: int getChangingConfigurations()
android.support.transition.R$id: int transition_current_scene
android.support.transition.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
android.support.v4.app.BackStackState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityGingerbread: BaseFragmentActivityGingerbread()
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb: BaseFragmentActivityHoneycomb()
android.support.v4.app.BaseFragmentActivityJB: BaseFragmentActivityJB()
android.support.v4.app.Fragment: Fragment()
android.support.v4.app.Fragment$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentActivity: FragmentActivity()
android.support.v4.app.FragmentManagerState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost: void setOnTabChangedListener(android.widget.TabHost$OnTabChangeListener)
android.support.v4.app.FragmentTabHost$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.app.SupportActivity: SupportActivity()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status[] values()
android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status: android.support.v4.content.ModernAsyncTask$Status valueOf(java.lang.String)
android.support.v4.content.WakefulBroadcastReceiver: WakefulBroadcastReceiver()
android.support.v4.media.MediaBrowserCompat$MediaItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaDescriptionCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.MediaMetadataCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.RatingCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$QueueItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$ResultReceiverWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.MediaSessionCompat$Token: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.ParcelableVolumeInfo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.media.session.PlaybackStateCompat$CustomAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.os.ResultReceiver: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.AbsSavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTabIndicatorColorResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getTabIndicatorColor()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: void setDrawFullUnderline(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: boolean getDrawFullUnderline()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTabStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setSingleLineAllCaps(android.widget.TextView)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextSpacing(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getTextSpacing()
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setNonPrimaryAlpha(float)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setTextColor(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v4.view.PagerTitleStrip: int getMinHeight()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: ViewPager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setAdapter(android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: android.support.v4.view.PagerAdapter getAdapter()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getClientWidth()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setCurrentItem(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getCurrentItem()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOnPageChangeListener(android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$OnPageChangeListener)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setChildrenDrawingOrderEnabledCompat(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getOffscreenPageLimit()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setOffscreenPageLimit(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMargin(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: int getPageMargin()
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setPageMarginDrawable(int)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager: void setScrollingCacheEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.view.ViewPager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: DrawerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerElevation(float)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: float getDrawerElevation()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setScrimColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerListener(android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$DrawerListener)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setDrawerLockMode(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getStatusBarBackgroundDrawable()
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackground(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout: void setStatusBarBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.DrawerLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: NestedScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getTopFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getBottomFadingEdgeStrength()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getMaxScrollAmount()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setOnScrollChangeListener(android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$OnScrollChangeListener)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setFillViewport(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: void setSmoothScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: float getVerticalScrollFactorCompat()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView: int getScrollRange()
android.support.v4.widget.NestedScrollView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setParallaxDistance(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getParallaxDistance()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setSliderFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getSliderFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setCoveredFadeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: int getCoveredFadeColor()
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setPanelSlideListener(android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$PanelSlideListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableLeft(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowDrawableRight(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceLeft(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout: void setShadowResourceRight(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SlidingPaneLayout$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v4.widget.Space
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v4.widget.Space: Space(android.content.Context)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorViewAlpha(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewStartOffset()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressViewEndOffset()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setSize(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnRefreshListener(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnRefreshListener)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setRefreshing(boolean)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setAnimationProgress(float)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeResource(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setProgressBackgroundColorSchemeColor(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorScheme(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeResources(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setColorSchemeColors(int[])
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setDistanceToTriggerSync(int)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getProgressCircleDiameter()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setOnChildScrollUpCallback(android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout$OnChildScrollUpCallback)
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v4.widget.SwipeRefreshLayout: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$RecycleListView
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.app.AlertController$RecycleListView: AlertController$RecycleListView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity: AppCompatActivity()
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatActivity: void setContentView(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.app.AppCompatDelegateImplV9$PanelFeatureState$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int isLightTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_default
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int accent_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int background_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int button_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int foreground_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_100
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_300
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_50
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_600
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_800
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_850
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int material_grey_900
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int ripple_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action0
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_root
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_bar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_context_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int action_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int add
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int alertTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int always
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int beginning
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int bottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int buttonPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int collapseActionView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int contentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int customPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int decor_content_parent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int default_activity_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int disableHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int edit_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int end_padder
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expand_activities_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int expanded_menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int home
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int homeAsUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int ifRoom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int image
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int line3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int listMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int media_actions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int middle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int multiply
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int never
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int none
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int normal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int parentPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_circular
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int progress_horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int right_side
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int screen
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int scrollView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_badge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_close_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_edit_frame
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_go_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_mag_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_plate
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_src_text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int search_voice_btn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int shortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showHome
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int spacer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int split_action_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_atop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_in
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int src_over
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submenuarrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int submit_area
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int tabMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int text2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int title_template
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int top
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int topPanel
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int up
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int useLogo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int withText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$id: int wrap_content
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_search_view
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_off
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_capital_on
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_search_hint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int search_menu_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] View
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
android.support.v7.appcompat.R$styleable: int View_theme
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int layoutManager
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int reverseLayout
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int spanCount
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
android.support.v7.recyclerview.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: ActionMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setItemInvoker(android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuBuilder$ItemInvoker)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setPopupCallback(android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView$PopupCallback)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setExpandedFormat(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ActionMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: ExpandedMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ExpandedMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: ListMenuItemView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setForceShowIcon(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.support.v7.view.menu.MenuItemImpl getItemData()
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setCheckable(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setSubMenuArrowVisible(boolean)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.view.menu.ListMenuItemView: android.view.LayoutInflater getInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: AbsActionBarView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getContentHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
android.support.v7.widget.AbsActionBarView: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: ActionBarContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setPrimaryBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setStackedBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setSplitBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTransitioning(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: void setTabContainer(android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContainer: android.view.View getTabContainer()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: ActionBarContextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setCustomView(android.view.View)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setTitleOptional(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getAnimatedVisibility()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarContextView: int getContentHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: ActionBarOverlayLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarVisibilityCallback(android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout$ActionBarVisibilityCallback)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setOverlayMode(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHasNonEmbeddedTabs(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setShowingForActionMode(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getNestedScrollAxes()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setHideOnContentScrollEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: int getActionBarHideOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setActionBarHideOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowCallback(android.view.Window$Callback)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setWindowTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setUiOptions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionBarOverlayLayout: void setLogo(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: ActionMenuView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPopupTheme(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: int getPopupTheme()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setPresenter(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuPresenter)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setOverflowReserved(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: int getWindowAnimations()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.v7.widget.ActionMenuView: void setExpandedActionViewsExclusive(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setActivityChooserModel(android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setExpandActivityOverflowButtonContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setProvider(android.support.v4.view.ActionProvider)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserModel getDataModel()
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setOnDismissListener(android.widget.PopupWindow$OnDismissListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setInitialActivityCount(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: void setDefaultActionButtonContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView: android.support.v7.widget.ListPopupWindow getListPopupWindow()
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout: ActivityChooserView$InnerLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AlertDialogLayout
android.support.v7.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AlertDialogLayout: AlertDialogLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: AppCompatButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: AppCompatButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: AppCompatButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatButton: void setSupportAllCaps(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckBox: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatCheckedTextView: void setCheckMarkDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatEditText: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: AppCompatImageButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setImageResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatImageView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setDropDownBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatMultiAutoCompleteTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setButtonDrawable(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportButtonTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: void setSupportButtonTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatRadioButton: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportButtonTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.Context getPopupContext()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPopupBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getPopupBackground()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownVerticalOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownVerticalOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownHorizontalOffset(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownHorizontalOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setDropDownWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: int getDropDownWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.SpinnerAdapter)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setPrompt(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: java.lang.CharSequence getPrompt()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatSpinner: void setAdapter(android.widget.Adapter)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: AppCompatTextView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getSupportBackgroundTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: void setSupportBackgroundTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.AppCompatTextView: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getSupportBackgroundTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: ButtonBarLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setAllowStacking(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ButtonBarLayout: void setStacked(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: ContentFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: void setAttachListener(android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout$OnAttachListener)
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getMinWidthMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedWidthMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMajor()
android.support.v7.widget.ContentFrameLayout: android.util.TypedValue getFixedHeightMinor()
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.DialogTitle: DialogTitle(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.DropDownListView: void setListSelectionHidden(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: FitWindowsFrameLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsFrameLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: FitWindowsLinearLayout(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsLinearLayout: void setOnFitSystemWindowsListener(android.support.v7.widget.FitWindowsViewGroup$OnFitSystemWindowsListener)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int)
android.support.v7.widget.GridLayoutManager: GridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int,int,boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: LinearLayoutCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setShowDividers(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getShowDividers()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getDividerDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setDividerPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getDividerWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAligned(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setMeasureWithLargestChildEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaseline()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getBaselineAlignedChildIndex()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setBaselineAlignedChildIndex(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getVirtualChildCount()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: float getWeightSum()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setWeightSum(float)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setOrientation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getOrientation()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: int getGravity()
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setHorizontalGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutCompat: void setVerticalGravity(int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,int,boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager: LinearLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.LinearLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat: void setSelector(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.ListViewCompat: void setSelectorEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.MenuPopupWindow$MenuDropDownListView: void setHoverListener(android.support.v7.widget.MenuItemHoverListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: RecyclerView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate getCompatAccessibilityDelegate()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setAccessibilityDelegateCompat(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerViewAccessibilityDelegate)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setHasFixedSize(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setClipToPadding(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getClipToPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollingTouchSlop(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setAdapter(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$Adapter getAdapter()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecyclerListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecyclerListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getBaseline()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutManager(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnFlingListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnFlingListener getOnFlingListener()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager getLayoutManager()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool getRecycledViewPool()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setRecycledViewPool(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$RecycledViewPool)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setViewCacheExtension(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ViewCacheExtension)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemViewCacheSize(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getScrollState()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setScrollState(int)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setChildDrawingOrderCallback(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ChildDrawingOrderCallback)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setOnScrollListener(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$OnScrollListener)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setLayoutFrozen(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getMinFlingVelocity()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: int getMaxFlingVelocity()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: float getScrollFactor()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setItemAnimator(android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$ItemAnimator getItemAnimator()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: boolean getPreserveFocusAfterLayout()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setPreserveFocusAfterLayout(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: long getNanoTime()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: void setNestedScrollingEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView: android.support.v4.view.NestedScrollingChildHelper getScrollingChildHelper()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$LayoutManager: RecyclerView$LayoutManager()
android.support.v7.widget.RecyclerView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setAllowCollapse(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setTabSelected(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ScrollingTabContainerView: void setContentHeight(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionRowLayout()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getSuggestionCommitIconResId()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSearchableInfo(android.app.SearchableInfo)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setAppSearchData(android.os.Bundle)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setImeOptions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getImeOptions()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setInputType(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getInputType()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnQueryTextListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnCloseListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnCloseListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnQueryTextFocusChangeListener(android.view.View$OnFocusChangeListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnSuggestionListener(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$OnSuggestionListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setOnSearchClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQuery()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQueryHint(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: java.lang.CharSequence getQueryHint()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setIconifiedByDefault(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setIconified(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSubmitButtonEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQueryRefinementEnabled(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setSuggestionsAdapter(android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: android.support.v4.widget.CursorAdapter getSuggestionsAdapter()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setMaxWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getMaxWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: int getPreferredHeight()
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setImeVisibility(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView: void setQuery(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: SearchView$SearchAutoComplete(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setSearchView(android.support.v7.widget.SearchView)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: void setThreshold(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SearchView$SearchAutoComplete: int getSearchViewTextMinWidthDp()
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager: StaggeredGridLayoutManager(int,int)
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$LazySpanLookup$FullSpanItem: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.StaggeredGridLayoutManager$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getSwitchPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSwitchMinWidth(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getSwitchMinWidth()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTextPadding(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbTextPadding()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getTrackDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.content.res.ColorStateList getTrackTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTrackTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getTrackTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getThumbDrawable()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTintList(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.content.res.ColorStateList getThumbTintList()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbTintMode(android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: android.graphics.PorterDuff$Mode getThumbTintMode()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setSplitTrack(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getSplitTrack()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: java.lang.CharSequence getTextOn()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTextOn(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: java.lang.CharSequence getTextOff()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setTextOff(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setShowText(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getShowText()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: boolean getTargetCheckedState()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setThumbPosition(float)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: void setChecked(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getCompoundPaddingRight()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbOffset()
android.support.v7.widget.SwitchCompat: int getThumbScrollRange()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: Toolbar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setPopupTheme(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getPopupTheme()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginStart(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginTop()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginTop(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginEnd(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getTitleMarginBottom()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleMarginBottom(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogo(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getLogo()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setLogoDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getLogoDescription()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getTitle()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getSubtitle()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitle(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setTitleTextColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setSubtitleTextColor(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: java.lang.CharSequence getNavigationContentDescription()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationContentDescription(java.lang.CharSequence)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getNavigationIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setNavigationOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.view.Menu getMenu()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setOverflowIcon(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.graphics.drawable.Drawable getOverflowIcon()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.view.MenuInflater getMenuInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setOnMenuItemClickListener(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$OnMenuItemClickListener)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetRight()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetStartWithNavigation()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetStartWithNavigation(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getContentInsetEndWithActions()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setContentInsetEndWithActions(int)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetStart()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetEnd()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetLeft()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: int getCurrentContentInsetRight()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: android.support.v7.widget.DecorToolbar getWrapper()
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar: void setCollapsible(boolean)
android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar$SavedState: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: ViewStubCompat(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getInflatedId()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setInflatedId(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: int getLayoutResource()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutResource(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: android.view.LayoutInflater getLayoutInflater()
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setVisibility(int)
android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat: void setOnInflateListener(android.support.v7.widget.ViewStubCompat$OnInflateListener)
bolts.AppLinkNavigation$NavigationResult: bolts.AppLinkNavigation$NavigationResult[] values()
bolts.AppLinkNavigation$NavigationResult: bolts.AppLinkNavigation$NavigationResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
bolts.WebViewAppLinkResolver$2$2: void setValue(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.AuthProtocolState: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.AuthProtocolState[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.AuthProtocolState: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.AuthProtocolState valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.ChallengeState: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.ChallengeState[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.ChallengeState: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.auth.ChallengeState valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.client.cache.CacheResponseStatus: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.client.cache.CacheResponseStatus[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.client.cache.CacheResponseStatus: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.client.cache.CacheResponseStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$LayerType: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$LayerType[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$LayerType: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$LayerType valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$TunnelType: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$TunnelType[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$TunnelType: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.conn.routing.RouteInfo$TunnelType valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.entity.mime.HttpMultipartMode: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.entity.mime.HttpMultipartMode[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.entity.mime.HttpMultipartMode: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.entity.mime.HttpMultipartMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.auth.NTLMScheme$State: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.auth.NTLMScheme$State[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.auth.NTLMScheme$State: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.auth.NTLMScheme$State valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.client.cache.RequestProtocolError: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.client.cache.RequestProtocolError[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.client.cache.RequestProtocolError: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.client.cache.RequestProtocolError valueOf(java.lang.String)
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.cookie.BrowserCompatSpecFactory$SecurityLevel: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.cookie.BrowserCompatSpecFactory$SecurityLevel[] values()
ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.cookie.BrowserCompatSpecFactory$SecurityLevel: ch.boye.httpclientandroidlib.impl.cookie.BrowserCompatSpecFactory$SecurityLevel valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.AccessToken: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.AccessTokenSource: com.facebook.AccessTokenSource[] values()
com.facebook.AccessTokenSource: com.facebook.AccessTokenSource valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.FacebookActivity
com.facebook.FacebookActivity: FacebookActivity()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: FacebookButtonBase(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int,java.lang.String,int)
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: void setFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: android.support.v4.app.Fragment getFragment()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: void setRequestCode(int)
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: int getRequestCode()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: int getCompoundPaddingLeft()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: int getCompoundPaddingRight()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: android.app.Activity getActivity()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: int getDefaultStyleResource()
com.facebook.FacebookButtonBase: void setInternalOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category: com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category[] values()
com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category: com.facebook.FacebookRequestError$Category valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.GraphRequest$ParcelableResourceWithMimeType: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.GraphResponse$PagingDirection: com.facebook.GraphResponse$PagingDirection[] values()
com.facebook.GraphResponse$PagingDirection: com.facebook.GraphResponse$PagingDirection valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.HttpMethod: com.facebook.HttpMethod[] values()
com.facebook.HttpMethod: com.facebook.HttpMethod valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.LoggingBehavior: com.facebook.LoggingBehavior[] values()
com.facebook.LoggingBehavior: com.facebook.LoggingBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.Profile: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_auxiliary_view_position
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_confirm_logout
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_foreground_color
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_horizontal_alignment
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_is_cropped
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_login_text
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_logout_text
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_object_id
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_object_type
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_preset_size
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_style
com.facebook.R$attr: int com_facebook_tooltip_mode
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_blue
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color_disabled
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color_pressed
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_like_background_color_selected
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_login_silver_background_color
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_login_silver_background_color_pressed
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_send_background_color
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_button_send_background_color_pressed
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_color
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_color
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_likeview_text_color
com.facebook.R$color: int com_facebook_share_button_text_color
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_radius
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_width
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_caret_height
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_caret_width
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_padding
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_size
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_edge_padding
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_internal_padding
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_text_size
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_large
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_normal
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_small
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_compound_drawable_padding
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_bottom
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_left
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_right
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_top
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_text_size
com.facebook.R$dimen: int com_facebook_tooltip_horizontal_padding
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_background
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_icon
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_like_background
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_like_icon_selected
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_login_silver_background
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_background
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_icon
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_close
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_blank_portrait
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_blank_square
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_background
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_bottomnub
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_topnub
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_xout
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_background
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_bottomnub
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_topnub
com.facebook.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_xout
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_large_blue
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_large_white
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_small_blue
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_small_white
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_button_blue_bg_round
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_button_blue_bg_selector
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_button_send_round_shadow
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_button_white_bg_round
com.facebook.R$drawable: int messenger_button_white_bg_selector
com.facebook.R$id: int automatic
com.facebook.R$id: int bottom
com.facebook.R$id: int box_count
com.facebook.R$id: int button
com.facebook.R$id: int center
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_body_frame
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_button_xout
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_fragment_container
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_login_activity_progress_bar
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_bottom_pointer
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_text_body
com.facebook.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_top_pointer
com.facebook.R$id: int display_always
com.facebook.R$id: int inline
com.facebook.R$id: int large
com.facebook.R$id: int left
com.facebook.R$id: int messenger_send_button
com.facebook.R$id: int never_display
com.facebook.R$id: int normal
com.facebook.R$id: int open_graph
com.facebook.R$id: int page
com.facebook.R$id: int right
com.facebook.R$id: int small
com.facebook.R$id: int standard
com.facebook.R$id: int top
com.facebook.R$id: int unknown
com.facebook.R$layout: int com_facebook_activity_layout
com.facebook.R$layout: int com_facebook_login_fragment
com.facebook.R$layout: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble
com.facebook.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_large
com.facebook.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_round
com.facebook.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_small
com.facebook.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_large
com.facebook.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_round
com.facebook.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_small
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_image_download_unknown_error
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_internet_permission_error_message
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_internet_permission_error_title
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_like_button_liked
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_like_button_not_liked
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loading
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_cancel_action
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button_long
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_out_action
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_out_button
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_logged_in_as
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_logged_in_using_facebook
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_send_button_text
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_share_button_text
com.facebook.R$string: int com_facebook_tooltip_default
com.facebook.R$string: int messenger_send_button_text
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue_Large
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue_Small
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White_Large
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White_Small
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue_Large
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue_Small
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton_White
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton_White_Large
com.facebook.R$style: int MessengerButton_White_Small
com.facebook.R$style: int com_facebook_button
com.facebook.R$style: int com_facebook_button_like
com.facebook.R$style: int com_facebook_button_send
com.facebook.R$style: int com_facebook_button_share
com.facebook.R$style: int com_facebook_loginview_default_style
com.facebook.R$style: int com_facebook_loginview_silver_style
com.facebook.R$style: int tooltip_bubble_text
com.facebook.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_like_view
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_auxiliary_view_position
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_foreground_color
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_horizontal_alignment
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_object_id
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_object_type
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_style
com.facebook.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_login_view
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_confirm_logout
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_login_text
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_logout_text
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_tooltip_mode
com.facebook.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_profile_picture_view
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_view_com_facebook_is_cropped
com.facebook.R$styleable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_view_com_facebook_preset_size
com.facebook.TestUserManager$Mode: com.facebook.TestUserManager$Mode[] values()
com.facebook.TestUserManager$Mode: com.facebook.TestUserManager$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushReason: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushReason[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushReason: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushReason valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushResult: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushResult[] values()
com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushResult: com.facebook.appevents.AppEventsLogger$FlushResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType: com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType[] values()
com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType: com.facebook.internal.AppEventsLoggerUtility$GraphAPIActivityType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset: com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset[] values()
com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset: com.facebook.internal.CallbackManagerImpl$RequestCodeOffset valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.internal.LoginAuthorizationType: com.facebook.internal.LoginAuthorizationType[] values()
com.facebook.internal.LoginAuthorizationType: com.facebook.internal.LoginAuthorizationType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.internal.PermissionType: com.facebook.internal.PermissionType[] values()
com.facebook.internal.PermissionType: com.facebook.internal.PermissionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience[] values()
com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.GetTokenLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.login.KatanaProxyLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior[] values()
com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.LoginClient: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Request: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code: com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code[] values()
com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code: com.facebook.login.LoginClient$Result$Code valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.WebViewLoginMethodHandler: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: LoginButton(android.content.Context)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: LoginButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: LoginButton(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setDefaultAudience(com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: com.facebook.login.DefaultAudience getDefaultAudience()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setReadPermissions(java.util.List)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setReadPermissions(java.lang.String[])
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setPublishPermissions(java.util.List)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setPublishPermissions(java.lang.String[])
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setLoginBehavior(com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: com.facebook.login.LoginBehavior getLoginBehavior()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setToolTipStyle(com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$Style)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setToolTipMode(com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode getToolTipMode()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setToolTipDisplayTime(long)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: long getToolTipDisplayTime()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: java.util.List getPermissions()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setProperties(com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$LoginButtonProperties)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: int getDefaultStyleResource()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: com.facebook.login.LoginManager getLoginManager()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton: void setLoginManager(com.facebook.login.LoginManager)
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode: com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode[] values()
com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode: com.facebook.login.widget.LoginButton$ToolTipMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: int getPresetSize()
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: void setPresetSize(int)
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: void setCropped(boolean)
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: java.lang.String getProfileId()
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: void setProfileId(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView$OnErrorListener getOnErrorListener()
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: void setOnErrorListener(com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView$OnErrorListener)
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: void setDefaultProfilePicture(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.facebook.login.widget.ProfilePictureView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$Style: com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$Style[] values()
com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$Style: com.facebook.login.widget.ToolTipPopup$Style valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.messenger.MessengerThreadParams$Origin: com.facebook.messenger.MessengerThreadParams$Origin[] values()
com.facebook.messenger.MessengerThreadParams$Origin: com.facebook.messenger.MessengerThreadParams$Origin valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.AppInviteDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.AppInviteDialogFeature[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.AppInviteDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.AppInviteDialogFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView: void setText(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView: void setCaretPosition(com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$LikeBoxCountViewCaretPosition)
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$LikeBoxCountViewCaretPosition: com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$LikeBoxCountViewCaretPosition[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$LikeBoxCountViewCaretPosition: com.facebook.share.internal.LikeBoxCountView$LikeBoxCountViewCaretPosition valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeButton: void setSelected(boolean)
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeButton: int getDefaultStyleResource()
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialogFeature[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.LikeDialogFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.MessageDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.MessageDialogFeature[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.MessageDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.MessageDialogFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphActionDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphActionDialogFeature[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphActionDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphActionDialogFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphMessageDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphMessageDialogFeature[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphMessageDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.OpenGraphMessageDialogFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.internal.ShareDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.ShareDialogFeature[] values()
com.facebook.share.internal.ShareDialogFeature: com.facebook.share.internal.ShareDialogFeature valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$AppGroupPrivacy: com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$AppGroupPrivacy[] values()
com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$AppGroupPrivacy: com.facebook.share.model.AppGroupCreationContent$AppGroupPrivacy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$ActionType: com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$ActionType[] values()
com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$ActionType: com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$ActionType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$Filters: com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$Filters[] values()
com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$Filters: com.facebook.share.model.GameRequestContent$Filters valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.model.ShareLinkContent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphAction: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphContent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.ShareOpenGraphObject: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.SharePhoto: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.SharePhotoContent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideo: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.model.ShareVideoContent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setLikeViewStyle(com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$Style)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setAuxiliaryViewPosition(com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$AuxiliaryViewPosition)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setHorizontalAlignment(com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$HorizontalAlignment)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setForegroundColor(int)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setOnErrorListener(com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$OnErrorListener)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$OnErrorListener getOnErrorListener()
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setFragment(android.support.v4.app.Fragment)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView: android.os.Bundle getAnalyticsParameters()
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$AuxiliaryViewPosition: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$AuxiliaryViewPosition[] values()
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$AuxiliaryViewPosition: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$AuxiliaryViewPosition valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$HorizontalAlignment: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$HorizontalAlignment[] values()
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$HorizontalAlignment: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$HorizontalAlignment valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$ObjectType: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$ObjectType[] values()
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$ObjectType: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$ObjectType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$Style: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$Style[] values()
com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$Style: com.facebook.share.widget.LikeView$Style valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.facebook.share.widget.SendButton: int getDefaultStyleResource()
com.facebook.share.widget.SendButton: android.view.View$OnClickListener getShareOnClickListener()
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButton: int getDefaultStyleResource()
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButton: android.view.View$OnClickListener getShareOnClickListener()
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButtonBase: com.facebook.share.model.ShareContent getShareContent()
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButtonBase: void setShareContent(com.facebook.share.model.ShareContent)
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareButtonBase: android.view.View$OnClickListener getShareOnClickListener()
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$Mode: com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$Mode[] values()
com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$Mode: com.facebook.share.widget.ShareDialog$Mode valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int ambientEnabled
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int buttonSize
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraBearing
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraMaxZoomPreference
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraMinZoomPreference
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraTargetLat
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraTargetLng
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraTilt
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int cameraZoom
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int colorScheme
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int latLngBoundsNorthEastLatitude
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int latLngBoundsNorthEastLongitude
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int latLngBoundsSouthWestLatitude
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int latLngBoundsSouthWestLongitude
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int liteMode
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int mapType
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int scopeUris
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiCompass
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiMapToolbar
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiRotateGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiScrollGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiTiltGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiZoomControls
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int uiZoomGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int useViewLifecycle
com.google.android.gms.R$attr: int zOrderOnTop
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal
com.google.android.gms.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int adjust_height
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int adjust_width
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int auto
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int button
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int center
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int crash_reporting_present
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int dark
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int hybrid
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int icon_only
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int light
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int none
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int normal
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int radio
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int satellite
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int standard
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int terrain
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int text
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int text2
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int toolbar
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int wide
com.google.android.gms.R$id: int wrap_content
com.google.android.gms.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_google_play_services_wear_update_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_signin_button_text
com.google.android.gms.R$string: int common_signin_button_text_long
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] MapAttrs
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_ambientEnabled
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraBearing
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraMaxZoomPreference
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraMinZoomPreference
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraTargetLat
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraTargetLng
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraTilt
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraZoom
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsNorthEastLatitude
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsNorthEastLongitude
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsSouthWestLatitude
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsSouthWestLongitude
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_liteMode
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_mapType
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiCompass
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiMapToolbar
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiRotateGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiScrollGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiTiltGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiZoomControls
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiZoomGestures
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_useViewLifecycle
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_zOrderOnTop
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int[] SignInButton
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int SignInButton_buttonSize
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int SignInButton_colorScheme
com.google.android.gms.R$styleable: int SignInButton_scopeUris
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInAccount: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions
com.google.android.gms.auth.api.signin.GoogleSignInOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.ConnectionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setSize(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setColorScheme(int)
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setScopes(com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope[])
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setOnClickListener(android.view.View$OnClickListener)
com.google.android.gms.common.SignInButton: void setEnabled(boolean)
com.google.android.gms.common.annotation.KeepName
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity
com.google.android.gms.common.api.GoogleApiActivity: GoogleApiActivity()
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Scope: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status
com.google.android.gms.common.api.Status: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.data.BitmapTeleporter
com.google.android.gms.common.data.BitmapTeleporter: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.data.DataHolder
com.google.android.gms.common.data.DataHolder: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.images.ImageManager$ImageReceiver
com.google.android.gms.common.images.WebImage: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.BinderWrapper: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.DowngradeableSafeParcel
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.ReflectedParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.safeparcel.SafeParcelable: java.lang.String NULL
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzad: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzaf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzah: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzan: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.internal.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity
com.google.android.gms.common.server.FavaDiagnosticsEntity: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.StatsEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent
com.google.android.gms.common.stats.WakeLockEvent: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.common.util.DynamiteApi
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: java.lang.ClassLoader sClassLoader
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader: DynamiteModule$DynamiteLoaderClassLoader()
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: java.lang.String MODULE_ID
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: int MODULE_VERSION
com.google.android.gms.dynamite.descriptors.com.google.android.gms.flags.ModuleDescriptor: ModuleDescriptor()
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: FlagProviderImpl()
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: void init(com.google.android.gms.dynamic.zzd)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: boolean getBooleanFlagValue(java.lang.String,boolean,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: int getIntFlagValue(java.lang.String,int,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: long getLongFlagValue(java.lang.String,long,int)
com.google.android.gms.flags.impl.FlagProviderImpl: java.lang.String getStringFlagValue(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,int)
com.google.android.gms.iid.MessengerCompat
com.google.android.gms.iid.MessengerCompat: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzacf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzach: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzach$zza: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzack$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzacm CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaco: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaco$zza: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaco$zzb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzacr: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzag: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzag[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzah: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzah[] values()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapq$zza: zzapq$zza()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapq$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapq asInterface(android.os.IBinder)
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapq$zza: android.os.IBinder asBinder()
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzapq$zza: boolean onTransact(int,android.os.Parcel,android.os.Parcel,int)
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzarj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzarm: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzarv: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzarx: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzarz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzasq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzasz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzatb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaub: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzawa: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzawc: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaxp: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaxs: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaxw: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzaxz: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzayb: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzbkp: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.internal.zzk$zza: com.google.android.gms.internal.zzk$zza[] values()
com.google.android.gms.location.ActivityRecognitionResult
com.google.android.gms.location.ActivityRecognitionResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.DetectedActivity: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.GeofencingRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationAvailability
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationAvailability: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationResult
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationSettingsRequest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationSettingsResult: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.LocationSettingsStates: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.places.PlaceReport
com.google.android.gms.location.places.PlaceReport: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.zza: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.zzd: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.zzf: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.zzj: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.zzq: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.location.zzv: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions
com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapView
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapView: MapView(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapView: MapView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapView: MapView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.google.android.gms.maps.MapView: MapView(android.content.Context,com.google.android.gms.maps.GoogleMapOptions)
com.google.android.gms.maps.StreetViewPanoramaOptions
com.google.android.gms.maps.StreetViewPanoramaOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CameraPosition: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.CircleOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.GroundOverlayOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLng: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLngBounds
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.LatLngBounds: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.MapStyleOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.MarkerOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.PointOfInterest: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.PolygonOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.PolylineOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StreetViewPanoramaCamera: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StreetViewPanoramaLink: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StreetViewPanoramaLocation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.StreetViewPanoramaOrientation: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.Tile: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.TileOverlayOptions: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.maps.model.VisibleRegion: android.os.Parcelable$Creator CREATOR
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement getInstance(android.content.Context)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void logEventInternal(java.lang.String,java.lang.String,android.os.Bundle)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void registerOnScreenChangeCallback(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$zzd)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void unregisterOnScreenChangeCallback(com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement$zzd)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getCurrentScreenName()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getCurrentScreenNameOnPackageSide(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getAppInstanceIdOnPackageSide(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getGmpAppIdOnPackageSide(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getAppInstanceId()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: java.lang.String getGmpAppId()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: long generateEventId()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void beginAdUnitExposure(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurement: void endAdUnitExposure(java.lang.String)
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver: AppMeasurementInstallReferrerReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementReceiver: AppMeasurementReceiver()
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService
com.google.android.gms.measurement.AppMeasurementService: AppMeasurementService()
com.google.firebase.crash.FirebaseCrash
com.google.firebase.crash.FirebaseCrash: com.google.firebase.crash.FirebaseCrash getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId: com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceId getInstance(com.google.firebase.FirebaseApp)
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdInternalReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver: FirebaseInstanceIdReceiver()
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService
com.google.firebase.iid.FirebaseInstanceIdService: FirebaseInstanceIdService()
com.google.firebase.iid.zzb: zzb()
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider
com.google.firebase.provider.FirebaseInitProvider: FirebaseInitProvider()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy[] values()
com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy: com.google.gson.FieldNamingPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy[] values()
com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy: com.google.gson.LongSerializationPolicy valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken[] values()
com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken: com.google.gson.stream.JsonToken valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_border_color
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_border_width
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_mutate_background
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_oval
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_x
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_y
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$id: int clamp
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$id: int mirror
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$id: int repeat
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int define_roundedimageview
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_author
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_authorWebsite
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_isOpenSource
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryDescription
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryName
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryVersion
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryWebsite
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_licenseId
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_repositoryLink
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int[] RoundedImageView
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_android_scaleType
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_color
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_width
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_left
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_right
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_mutate_background
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_oval
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_x
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_y
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: RoundedImageView(android.content.Context)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: RoundedImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: RoundedImageView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType getScaleType()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setScaleType(android.widget.ImageView$ScaleType)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageBitmap(android.graphics.Bitmap)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageResource(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setImageURI(android.net.Uri)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBackground(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setColorFilter(android.graphics.ColorFilter)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBackgroundDrawable(android.graphics.drawable.Drawable)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: float getCornerRadius()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: float getMaxCornerRadius()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setCornerRadiusDimen(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setCornerRadius(float)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: float getBorderWidth()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderWidth(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderWidth(float)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: int getBorderColor()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderColor(int)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.content.res.ColorStateList getBorderColors()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setBorderColor(android.content.res.ColorStateList)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setOval(boolean)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.graphics.Shader$TileMode getTileModeX()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setTileModeX(android.graphics.Shader$TileMode)
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: android.graphics.Shader$TileMode getTileModeY()
com.makeramen.roundedimageview.RoundedImageView: void setTileModeY(android.graphics.Shader$TileMode)
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.FailReason$FailType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.FailReason$FailType[] values()
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.FailReason$FailType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.FailReason$FailType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ImageScaleType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ImageScaleType[] values()
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ImageScaleType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ImageScaleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.LoadedFrom: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.LoadedFrom[] values()
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.LoadedFrom: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.LoadedFrom valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.QueueProcessingType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.QueueProcessingType[] values()
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.QueueProcessingType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.QueueProcessingType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ViewScaleType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ViewScaleType[] values()
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ViewScaleType: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.assist.ViewScaleType valueOf(java.lang.String)
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.download.ImageDownloader$Scheme: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.download.ImageDownloader$Scheme[] values()
com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.download.ImageDownloader$Scheme: com.nostra13.universalimageloader.core.download.ImageDownloader$Scheme valueOf(java.lang.String)
dagger.Provides$Type: dagger.Provides$Type[] values()
dagger.Provides$Type: dagger.Provides$Type valueOf(java.lang.String)
dagger.internal.MembersInjectors$NoOpMembersInjector: dagger.internal.MembersInjectors$NoOpMembersInjector[] values()
dagger.internal.MembersInjectors$NoOpMembersInjector: dagger.internal.MembersInjectors$NoOpMembersInjector valueOf(java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.Constants$HttpHeader: il.co.idocare.Constants$HttpHeader[] values()
il.co.idocare.Constants$HttpHeader: il.co.idocare.Constants$HttpHeader valueOf(java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.IdcApplication
il.co.idocare.IdcApplication: IdcApplication()
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_in
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int design_bottom_sheet_slide_out
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int design_fab_in
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int design_fab_out
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int design_snackbar_in
il.co.idocare.R$anim: int design_snackbar_out
il.co.idocare.R$animator: int design_appbar_state_list_animator
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarSize
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int actionViewClass
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int allowStacking
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int alpha
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int ambientEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int background
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int backgroundTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int barLength
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int behavior_autoHide
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int behavior_hideable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int behavior_overlapTop
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int behavior_peekHeight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int behavior_skipCollapsed
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int borderWidth
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int bottomSheetDialogTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int bottomSheetStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonGravity
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonSize
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraBearing
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraMaxZoomPreference
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraMinZoomPreference
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraTargetLat
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraTargetLng
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraTilt
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int cameraZoom
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int circleCrop
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int closeIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int collapseIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int collapsedTitleGravity
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int collapsedTitleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int color
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorAccent
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorBackgroundFloating
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorPrimary
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorScheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_auxiliary_view_position
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_confirm_logout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_foreground_color
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_horizontal_alignment
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_is_cropped
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_login_text
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_logout_text
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_object_id
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_object_type
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_preset_size
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_style
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int com_facebook_tooltip_mode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int commitIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentInsetEndWithActions
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentInsetStartWithNavigation
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int contentScrim
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int controlBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int counterEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int counterMaxLength
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int counterOverflowTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int counterTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dialogTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int displayOptions
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int divider
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dividerPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dividerVertical
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int drawableSize
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int editTextBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int editTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int editTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int elevation
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int errorEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int errorTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expanded
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleGravity
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleMargin
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginBottom
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginEnd
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginStart
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleMarginTop
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int expandedTitleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int fabSize
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int fontPath
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int foregroundInsidePadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int goIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int headerLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int height
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int hintAnimationEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int hintEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int hintTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int homeLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int icon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int imageAspectRatio
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int imageAspectRatioAdjust
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int insetForeground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int isLightTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int itemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int itemIconTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int itemPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int itemTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int itemTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int keylines
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int latLngBoundsNorthEastLatitude
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int latLngBoundsNorthEastLongitude
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int latLngBoundsSouthWestLatitude
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int latLngBoundsSouthWestLongitude
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layoutManager
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_anchor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_anchorGravity
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_behavior
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_collapseMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_dodgeInsetEdges
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_insetEdge
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_keyline
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_scrollFlags
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int layout_scrollInterpolator
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listMenuViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int liteMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int logo
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int logoDescription
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int mapType
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int maxActionInlineWidth
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int menu
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int navigationIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int navigationMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int paddingBottomNoButtons
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int paddingEnd
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int paddingStart
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int paddingTopNoTitle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int panelBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int passwordToggleContentDescription
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int passwordToggleDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int passwordToggleEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int passwordToggleTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int passwordToggleTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int popupTheme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int pressedTranslationZ
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int queryBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int queryHint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int ratingBarStyleSmall
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int reverseLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int rippleColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_border_color
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_border_width
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_left
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_corner_radius_top_right
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_mutate_background
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_oval
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_x
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int riv_tile_mode_y
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int scopeUris
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int scrimAnimationDuration
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int searchIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int showAsAction
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int showDividers
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int showText
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int showTitle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int spanCount
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int spinBars
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int splitTrack
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int srcCompat
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int stackFromEnd
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int state_collapsed
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int state_collapsible
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int statusBarBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int statusBarScrim
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int subMenuArrow
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int submitBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int switchPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int switchStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabBackground
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabContentStart
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabGravity
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabIndicatorColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabIndicatorHeight
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabMaxWidth
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabMinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabPaddingBottom
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabPaddingEnd
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabPaddingStart
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabPaddingTop
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabSelectedTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tabTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAllCaps
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textColorError
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int theme
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int thickness
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int thumbTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int thumbTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tickMark
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tickMarkTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int tickMarkTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int title
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleMargin
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleMargins
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int toolbarId
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int track
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int trackTint
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int trackTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiCompass
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiMapToolbar
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiRotateGestures
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiScrollGestures
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiTiltGestures
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiZoomControls
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int uiZoomGestures
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int useCompatPadding
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int useViewLifecycle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int voiceIcon
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
il.co.idocare.R$attr: int zOrderOnTop
il.co.idocare.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
il.co.idocare.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
il.co.idocare.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
il.co.idocare.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
il.co.idocare.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_borderless_text_material
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_btn_colored_text_material
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_hint_foreground_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_btn_checkable
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_default
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_edittext
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_seek_thumb
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_spinner
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_thumb
il.co.idocare.R$color: int abc_tint_switch_track
il.co.idocare.R$color: int accent_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int accent_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int background
il.co.idocare.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int background_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int background_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int background_white
il.co.idocare.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int button_gray
il.co.idocare.R$color: int button_green
il.co.idocare.R$color: int button_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int button_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int button_pressed_text_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int closed_request_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_blue
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_background_color_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_like_background_color_selected
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_login_silver_background_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_login_silver_background_color_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_send_background_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_button_send_background_color_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_likeview_text_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int com_facebook_share_button_text_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_default
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_default
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
il.co.idocare.R$color: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$color: int date_text
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_error
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_end_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_mid_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_shadow_start_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_inner_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_end_outer_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_inner_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_fab_stroke_top_outer_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_snackbar_background_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_textinput_error_color_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int design_tint_password_toggle
il.co.idocare.R$color: int dialog_separator
il.co.idocare.R$color: int dialog_title
il.co.idocare.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int divider_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int edit_text_hint_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int foreground_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int fragment_bg_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int fragment_bg_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_dark_2
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_light_1
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_light_2
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_light_3
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_lightest
il.co.idocare.R$color: int gray_lightest_2
il.co.idocare.R$color: int green
il.co.idocare.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int light_green
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_100
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_300
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_50
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_600
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_800
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_850
il.co.idocare.R$color: int material_grey_900
il.co.idocare.R$color: int nav_drawer_bg
il.co.idocare.R$color: int nav_drawer_header_bg
il.co.idocare.R$color: int nav_drawer_line_separator
il.co.idocare.R$color: int new_request_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int nickname_text
il.co.idocare.R$color: int notification_action_color_filter
il.co.idocare.R$color: int notification_icon_bg_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int notification_material_background_media_default_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int orange
il.co.idocare.R$color: int picked_up_request_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int picture_background
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int reputation_text
il.co.idocare.R$color: int request_details_background
il.co.idocare.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int ripple_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int skip_login_button_text_color
il.co.idocare.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$color: int text_color_primary
il.co.idocare.R$color: int text_color_secondary
il.co.idocare.R$color: int text_on_picture_background
il.co.idocare.R$color: int transparent
il.co.idocare.R$color: int white
il.co.idocare.R$color: int yellow
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_with_nav
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_elevation_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_cascading_menus_min_smallest_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_bottom_no_buttons
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_list_padding_top_no_title
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_title_divider_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_progress_bar_height_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_header_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int button_corners_radius
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int button_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int button_stroke_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int button_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_radius
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_border_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_caret_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_caret_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeboxcountview_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_edge_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_internal_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_likeview_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_large
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_normal
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_profilepictureview_preset_size_small
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_compound_drawable_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_left
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_right
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_padding_top
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_share_button_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int com_facebook_tooltip_horizontal_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int default_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_appbar_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_item_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_active_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_item_min_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_margin
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_shadow_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_navigation_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_modal_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_bottom_sheet_peek_height_min
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_fab_border_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_fab_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_fab_image_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_mini
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_fab_size_normal
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_fab_translation_z_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_navigation_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_navigation_icon_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_navigation_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_navigation_padding_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_navigation_separator_vertical_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_action_inline_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_background_corner_radius
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_extra_spacing_horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_min_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_padding_vertical_2lines
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_snackbar_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_tab_max_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_tab_scrollable_min_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int design_tab_text_size_2line
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int dialog_button_horizontal_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int dialog_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int divider_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int drawer_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int edit_text_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fb_margin_override_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fb_margin_override_lr
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fb_margin_override_textpadding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fb_margin_override_top
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fragment_default_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fragment_large_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fragment_small_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fragment_tiniest_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int fragment_tiny_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int hint_alpha_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_dark
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int hint_pressed_alpha_material_light
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int home_list_view_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int initial_buttons_layout_offset
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_max_drag_scroll_per_frame
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_max_velocity
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int item_touch_helper_swipe_escape_velocity
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int large_button_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int large_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int largest_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int login_chooser_margin_1
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int login_chooser_margin_2
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int login_chooser_margin_3
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int login_chooser_screen_margin_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int long_button_horizontal_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int map_preview_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int medium_button_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int nav_drawer_icon_margin_left
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int nav_drawer_margin
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int nav_drawer_title_margin_left
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int nav_drawer_user_picture_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_action_icon_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_action_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_big_circle_margin
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_content_margin_start
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_main_column_padding_top
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_media_narrow_margin
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_right_icon_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_right_side_padding_top
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_background_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_small_icon_size_as_large
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int notification_top_pad_large_text
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int request_details_picture_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int request_thumbnail_layout_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int signup_native_margin_1
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int signup_user_picture_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int small_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int smallest_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int swipe_image_gallery_indicators_margin
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int text_view_default_padding
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int tiny_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int title_text_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int two_medium_buttons_horizontal_spacing
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int txt_request_status_width
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int user_small_picture_size
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int vote_panel_divider_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int vote_panel_spacing
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int wide_button_height
il.co.idocare.R$dimen: int wide_button_width
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_dialog_material_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_ab_back_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_arrow_drop_right_black_24dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_clear_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_go_search_api_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_overflow_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_search_api_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_16dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_36dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_black_48dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_16dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_36dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_star_half_black_48dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ic_voice_search_api_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_indicator_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_ratingbar_small_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_tick_mark_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_left_mtrl_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_middle_mtrl_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_text_select_handle_right_mtrl_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int abc_vector_test
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_1
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_2
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_hide_password_3
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_show_password
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_1
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_2
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int avd_show_password_3
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int border_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_icon
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_like_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_like_icon_selected
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_login_silver_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_button_send_icon
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_close
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_blank_portrait
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_blank_square
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_bottomnub
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_topnub
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_black_xout
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_bottomnub
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_topnub
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int com_facebook_tooltip_blue_xout
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_full_open_on_phone
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_focused
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_normal
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_dark_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_focused
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_normal
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_icon_light_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_focused
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_normal
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_dark_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_disabled
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_focused
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_normal
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int common_google_signin_btn_text_light_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int default_fragment_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int design_bottom_navigation_item_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int design_fab_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int design_ic_visibility_off
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int design_password_eye
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int design_snackbar_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int gray_button_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int gray_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int green_button_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int green_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_add_picture_large
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_add_picture_small
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_add_user_picture
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_add_white_24dp
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_background_grass
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_default_user_picture
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_add_new_request
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_articles
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_assigned_to_me
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_location
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_logout
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_my
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_drawer_requests_list
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_image_gallery_indicator
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_image_gallery_indicator_selected
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_login_image
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_logo_grayscale
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_logo_large
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_nav_drawer_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_star_green
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_star_hav_drawer
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_star_nav_drawer
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_star_request_thumbnail
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_star_tiny_green
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_vote_down
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int ic_vote_up
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_large_blue
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_large_white
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_small_blue
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_bubble_small_white
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_button_blue_bg_round
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_button_blue_bg_selector
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_button_send_round_shadow
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_button_white_bg_round
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int messenger_button_white_bg_selector
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int navigation_empty_icon
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_action_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_bg
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_normal
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_bg_low_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_bg_normal_pressed
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_icon_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_low_bg
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notification_tile_bg
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int notify_panel_notification_icon_bg
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int red_button_background
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int red_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$drawable: int request_thumbnail_picture_gradient_overlay
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action0
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar_container
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar_root
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_bar_title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_container
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_context_bar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_divider
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_image
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_menu_divider
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_mode_bar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
il.co.idocare.R$id: int action_text
il.co.idocare.R$id: int actions
il.co.idocare.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
il.co.idocare.R$id: int add
il.co.idocare.R$id: int adjust_height
il.co.idocare.R$id: int adjust_width
il.co.idocare.R$id: int alertTitle
il.co.idocare.R$id: int all
il.co.idocare.R$id: int always
il.co.idocare.R$id: int auto
il.co.idocare.R$id: int automatic
il.co.idocare.R$id: int beginning
il.co.idocare.R$id: int bottom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int box_count
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_choose_facebook_login
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_choose_log_in_native
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_choose_sign_up_native
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_close_request
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_create_new_request
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_dialog_negative
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_dialog_positive
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_login
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_pickup_request
il.co.idocare.R$id: int btn_signup
il.co.idocare.R$id: int button
il.co.idocare.R$id: int buttonPanel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int calligraphy_tag_id
il.co.idocare.R$id: int cancel_action
il.co.idocare.R$id: int center
il.co.idocare.R$id: int center_horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$id: int center_vertical
il.co.idocare.R$id: int checkbox
il.co.idocare.R$id: int chronometer
il.co.idocare.R$id: int clamp
il.co.idocare.R$id: int clip_horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$id: int clip_vertical
il.co.idocare.R$id: int collapseActionView
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_body_frame
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_button_xout
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_fragment_container
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_login_activity_progress_bar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_bottom_pointer
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_text_body
il.co.idocare.R$id: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble_view_top_pointer
il.co.idocare.R$id: int contentPanel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int crash_reporting_present
il.co.idocare.R$id: int custom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int customPanel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int dark
il.co.idocare.R$id: int decor_content_parent
il.co.idocare.R$id: int default_activity_button
il.co.idocare.R$id: int design_bottom_sheet
il.co.idocare.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area
il.co.idocare.R$id: int design_menu_item_action_area_stub
il.co.idocare.R$id: int design_menu_item_text
il.co.idocare.R$id: int design_navigation_view
il.co.idocare.R$id: int disableHome
il.co.idocare.R$id: int display_always
il.co.idocare.R$id: int drawer_layout
il.co.idocare.R$id: int drawer_list
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edit_query
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_closed_comment
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_confirm_password
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_created_comment
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_email
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_first_name
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_last_name
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_login_email
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_login_password
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_nickname
il.co.idocare.R$id: int edt_password
il.co.idocare.R$id: int element_form
il.co.idocare.R$id: int element_picture
il.co.idocare.R$id: int element_progress_overlay
il.co.idocare.R$id: int element_user_reputation
il.co.idocare.R$id: int element_votes
il.co.idocare.R$id: int end
il.co.idocare.R$id: int end_padder
il.co.idocare.R$id: int enterAlways
il.co.idocare.R$id: int enterAlwaysCollapsed
il.co.idocare.R$id: int exitUntilCollapsed
il.co.idocare.R$id: int expand_activities_button
il.co.idocare.R$id: int expanded_menu
il.co.idocare.R$id: int fill
il.co.idocare.R$id: int fill_horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$id: int fill_vertical
il.co.idocare.R$id: int fixed
il.co.idocare.R$id: int fragment_nav_drawer
il.co.idocare.R$id: int frame_camera_control
il.co.idocare.R$id: int frame_contents
il.co.idocare.R$id: int frame_location_info
il.co.idocare.R$id: int frame_user_info_bottom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int frame_user_info_top
il.co.idocare.R$id: int home
il.co.idocare.R$id: int homeAsUp
il.co.idocare.R$id: int hybrid
il.co.idocare.R$id: int icon
il.co.idocare.R$id: int icon_group
il.co.idocare.R$id: int icon_only
il.co.idocare.R$id: int ifRoom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int image
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_icon
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_nav_drawer_background
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_picture0
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_picture1
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_picture2
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_reputation_star
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_request_thumbnail
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_take_picture
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_user_picture
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_vote_down
il.co.idocare.R$id: int img_vote_up
il.co.idocare.R$id: int indicators_holder
il.co.idocare.R$id: int info
il.co.idocare.R$id: int inline
il.co.idocare.R$id: int item_touch_helper_previous_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$id: int large
il.co.idocare.R$id: int largeLabel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int left
il.co.idocare.R$id: int light
il.co.idocare.R$id: int line1
il.co.idocare.R$id: int line3
il.co.idocare.R$id: int listMode
il.co.idocare.R$id: int list_item
il.co.idocare.R$id: int list_requests_thumbnails
il.co.idocare.R$id: int login_buttons_layout
il.co.idocare.R$id: int lst_my_requests
il.co.idocare.R$id: int map_preview
il.co.idocare.R$id: int masked
il.co.idocare.R$id: int media_actions
il.co.idocare.R$id: int messenger_send_button
il.co.idocare.R$id: int middle
il.co.idocare.R$id: int mini
il.co.idocare.R$id: int mirror
il.co.idocare.R$id: int multiply
il.co.idocare.R$id: int navigation_header_container
il.co.idocare.R$id: int never
il.co.idocare.R$id: int never_display
il.co.idocare.R$id: int none
il.co.idocare.R$id: int normal
il.co.idocare.R$id: int notification_background
il.co.idocare.R$id: int notification_main_column
il.co.idocare.R$id: int notification_main_column_container
il.co.idocare.R$id: int open_graph
il.co.idocare.R$id: int page
il.co.idocare.R$id: int parallax
il.co.idocare.R$id: int parentPanel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int pin
il.co.idocare.R$id: int progress_circular
il.co.idocare.R$id: int progress_horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$id: int radio
il.co.idocare.R$id: int repeat
il.co.idocare.R$id: int right
il.co.idocare.R$id: int right_icon
il.co.idocare.R$id: int right_side
il.co.idocare.R$id: int satellite
il.co.idocare.R$id: int screen
il.co.idocare.R$id: int scroll
il.co.idocare.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
il.co.idocare.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
il.co.idocare.R$id: int scrollView
il.co.idocare.R$id: int scrollable
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_badge
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_bar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_button
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_close_btn
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_edit_frame
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_go_btn
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_mag_icon
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_plate
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_src_text
il.co.idocare.R$id: int search_voice_btn
il.co.idocare.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
il.co.idocare.R$id: int shortcut
il.co.idocare.R$id: int showCustom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int showHome
il.co.idocare.R$id: int showTitle
il.co.idocare.R$id: int small
il.co.idocare.R$id: int smallLabel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int snackbar_action
il.co.idocare.R$id: int snackbar_text
il.co.idocare.R$id: int snap
il.co.idocare.R$id: int spacer
il.co.idocare.R$id: int split_action_bar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int src_atop
il.co.idocare.R$id: int src_in
il.co.idocare.R$id: int src_over
il.co.idocare.R$id: int standard
il.co.idocare.R$id: int start
il.co.idocare.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
il.co.idocare.R$id: int submenuarrow
il.co.idocare.R$id: int submit_area
il.co.idocare.R$id: int swipeImageGalleryBottom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int swipeImageGalleryTop
il.co.idocare.R$id: int tabMode
il.co.idocare.R$id: int terrain
il.co.idocare.R$id: int text
il.co.idocare.R$id: int text2
il.co.idocare.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
il.co.idocare.R$id: int textSpacerNoTitle
il.co.idocare.R$id: int text_input_password_toggle
il.co.idocare.R$id: int textinput_counter
il.co.idocare.R$id: int textinput_error
il.co.idocare.R$id: int time
il.co.idocare.R$id: int title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int titleDividerNoCustom
il.co.idocare.R$id: int title_template
il.co.idocare.R$id: int toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$id: int top
il.co.idocare.R$id: int topPanel
il.co.idocare.R$id: int touch_outside
il.co.idocare.R$id: int transition_current_scene
il.co.idocare.R$id: int transition_scene_layoutid_cache
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_add_user_picture
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_bottom_user_title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_choose_skip_login
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_comment
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_created_at
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_created_by
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_created_votes
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_custom_info
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_dialog_message
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_dialog_title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_location_title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_login
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_request_coarse_location
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_request_fine_location
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_request_status
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_signup
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_top_user_title
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_user_nickname
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_user_reputation
il.co.idocare.R$id: int txt_votes
il.co.idocare.R$id: int unknown
il.co.idocare.R$id: int up
il.co.idocare.R$id: int useLogo
il.co.idocare.R$id: int view_offset_helper
il.co.idocare.R$id: int view_pager
il.co.idocare.R$id: int view_take_picture
il.co.idocare.R$id: int visible
il.co.idocare.R$id: int wide
il.co.idocare.R$id: int withText
il.co.idocare.R$id: int wrap_content
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int app_bar_elevation_anim_duration
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int bottom_sheet_slide_duration
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int design_snackbar_text_max_lines
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int google_play_services_version
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int hide_password_duration
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int map_preview_lite_default_zoom
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int show_password_duration
il.co.idocare.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_title_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_header_item_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_search_view
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int com_facebook_activity_layout
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int com_facebook_login_fragment
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int com_facebook_tooltip_bubble
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_bottom_navigation_item
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_bottom_sheet_dialog
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_layout_snackbar_include
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_icon
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_layout_tab_text
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_menu_item_action_area
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_navigation_item
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_header
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_separator
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_navigation_item_subheader
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_navigation_menu_item
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int design_text_input_password_icon
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int dialog_info_prompt
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_camera_control
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_location_info
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_nav_drawer_entry
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_nav_drawer_header
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_progress_overlay
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_request_related_user_info
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_swipe_image_gallery
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int element_vote_panel
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_close_request
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_home
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_login_chooser
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_login_native
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_main
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_navigation_drawer
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_new_request
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_request_details
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_request_thumbnail
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_requests_my
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_signup_native
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_single_frame
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_single_frame_with_toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int layout_splash_screen
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_large
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_round
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_blue_small
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_large
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_round
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int messenger_button_send_white_small
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_action
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_action_tombstone
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_media_action
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_custom
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow_custom
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_custom_big
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_icon_group
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_lines_media
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_media
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_media_custom
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
il.co.idocare.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_capital_off
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_capital_on
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_1_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_body_2_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_button_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_caption_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_1_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_2_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_3_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_display_4_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_headline_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_menu_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_subhead_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_font_family_title_material
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_search_hint
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
il.co.idocare.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
il.co.idocare.R$string: int app_name
il.co.idocare.R$string: int appbar_scrolling_view_behavior
il.co.idocare.R$string: int bottom_sheet_behavior
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_add_picture
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_close_request
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_create_new_request
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_dialog_close
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_dialog_negative
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_dialog_positive
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_login
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_login_facebook
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_pickup_request
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_sign_up
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_skip_login
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_switch_to_close_request_fragment
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_vote_down_accessibility
il.co.idocare.R$string: int btn_vote_up_accessibility
il.co.idocare.R$string: int character_counter_pattern
il.co.idocare.R$string: int close_request_fragment_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_image_download_unknown_error
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_internet_permission_error_message
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_internet_permission_error_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_like_button_liked
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_like_button_not_liked
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loading
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_cancel_action
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_in_button_long
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_out_action
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_log_out_button
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_logged_in_as
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_loginview_logged_in_using_facebook
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_send_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_share_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int com_facebook_tooltip_default
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_button
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_enable_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_button
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_install_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_notification_ticker
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unknown_issue
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_unsupported_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_button
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_update_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_updating_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_google_play_services_wear_update_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_open_on_phone
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_signin_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int common_signin_button_text_long
il.co.idocare.R$string: int content_provider_authority
il.co.idocare.R$string: int default_web_client_id
il.co.idocare.R$string: int define_roundedimageview
il.co.idocare.R$string: int dialog_title_login_required
il.co.idocare.R$string: int drawer_close
il.co.idocare.R$string: int drawer_open
il.co.idocare.R$string: int facebook_app_id
il.co.idocare.R$string: int fb_login_email_required_dialog_message
il.co.idocare.R$string: int fb_login_email_required_dialog_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int firebase_database_url
il.co.idocare.R$string: int gcm_defaultSenderId
il.co.idocare.R$string: int google_api_key
il.co.idocare.R$string: int google_app_id
il.co.idocare.R$string: int google_crash_reporting_api_key
il.co.idocare.R$string: int google_storage_bucket
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_confirm_password
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_email
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_first_name
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_last_name
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_leave_comment
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_nickname
il.co.idocare.R$string: int hint_password
il.co.idocare.R$string: int home_fragment_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int idocare_account_type
il.co.idocare.R$string: int img_login_accessibility
il.co.idocare.R$string: int img_request_thumbnail_accessibility
il.co.idocare.R$string: int img_user_picture_accessibility
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_author
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_authorWebsite
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_isOpenSource
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryDescription
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryName
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryVersion
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_libraryWebsite
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_licenseId
il.co.idocare.R$string: int library_roundedimageview_repositoryLink
il.co.idocare.R$string: int messenger_send_button_text
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_ask_to_log_in_before_new_request
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_ask_to_log_in_before_pickup
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_ask_to_log_in_before_vote
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_first_name_is_required
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_illegal_email
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_insufficient_location_accuracy
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_last_name_is_required
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_password_must_not_be_short
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_password_must_not_contain_spaces
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_pictures_required
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_repeat_password_must_match
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_resolve_errors
il.co.idocare.R$string: int msg_too_far_from_original_location
il.co.idocare.R$string: int nav_drawer_entry_login
il.co.idocare.R$string: int nav_drawer_entry_logout
il.co.idocare.R$string: int nav_drawer_entry_map
il.co.idocare.R$string: int nav_drawer_entry_my
il.co.idocare.R$string: int nav_drawer_entry_new_request
il.co.idocare.R$string: int nav_drawer_entry_requests_list
il.co.idocare.R$string: int new_request_fragment_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int notification_gps_permission_request_body
il.co.idocare.R$string: int notification_gps_permission_request_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int password_toggle_content_description
il.co.idocare.R$string: int path_password_eye
il.co.idocare.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_strike_through
il.co.idocare.R$string: int path_password_eye_mask_visible
il.co.idocare.R$string: int path_password_strike_through
il.co.idocare.R$string: int request_details_fragment_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int requests_my_fragment_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int search_menu_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
il.co.idocare.R$string: int title_login_native
il.co.idocare.R$string: int title_signup_native
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_add_user_photo
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_change_user_photo
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_closed_by_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_closed_request_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_created_by_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_has_account_question
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_location_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_log_in_link
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_new_request_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_no_account_question
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_picked_up_by_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_picked_up_request_title
il.co.idocare.R$string: int txt_sign_up_link
il.co.idocare.R$string: int user_picture_chooser_dialog_button_caption_from_gallery
il.co.idocare.R$string: int user_picture_chooser_dialog_button_caption_new
il.co.idocare.R$string: int user_picture_chooser_dialog_message
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ActionBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Animation_Design_BottomSheetDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_EditText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_GrayButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_GreenButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_RedButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_TextView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_TextView_DialogMessage
il.co.idocare.R$style: int AppTheme_TextView_DialogTitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V11_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V21_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Base_Widget_Design_TabLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int BoldTextStyleForButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int DateTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int DefaultButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int DefaultTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int EditTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int GreenTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int LoginTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton_Blue_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton_White
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton_White_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButton_White_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_Blue_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int MessengerButtonText_White_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int NavDrawerHeaderUserNicknameStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int NavDrawerHeaderUserReputationStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int NicknameTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V21_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_V25_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ReputationTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ReputationTextViewStyleSmall
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RequestLocationTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RequestStatusTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RequestThumbnailCreatedVotesTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RequestThumbnailNicknameTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int SmallSecondaryTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int StatusTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Info_Media
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Line2_Media
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Media
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Time_Media
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Notification_Title_Media
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Borderless_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Header
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_CollapsingToolbar_Expanded
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Counter_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Error
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Hint
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Snackbar_Message
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Design_Tab
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DarkActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_Dialog_MinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_DialogWhenLarge
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DayNight_NoActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_Design
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_Design_BottomSheetDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_BottomSheetDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_Design_Light_NoActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Theme_Design_NoActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
il.co.idocare.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
il.co.idocare.R$style: int UserDetailsNicknameTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int UserDetailsReputationTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int VotePanelTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListMenuView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionContainer
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_NotificationActionText
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Indicator
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar_Small
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar_Discrete
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_AppBarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomNavigationView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_BottomSheet_Modal
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_CollapsingToolbar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_CoordinatorLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_FloatingActionButton
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_NavigationView
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_Snackbar
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_TabLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int Widget_Design_TextInputLayout
il.co.idocare.R$style: int com_facebook_button
il.co.idocare.R$style: int com_facebook_button_like
il.co.idocare.R$style: int com_facebook_button_send
il.co.idocare.R$style: int com_facebook_button_share
il.co.idocare.R$style: int com_facebook_loginview_default_style
il.co.idocare.R$style: int com_facebook_loginview_silver_style
il.co.idocare.R$style: int tooltip_bubble_text
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEndWithActions
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_showTitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_android_background
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_expanded
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayoutStates
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsed
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayoutStates_state_collapsible
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppBarLayout_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollFlags
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppBarLayout_Layout_layout_scrollInterpolator
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatImageView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_android_src
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatImageView_srcCompat
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatSeekBar
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_android_thumb
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMark
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatSeekBar_tickMarkTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextHelper
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableBottom
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableLeft
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableRight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_drawableTop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextHelper_android_textAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarDivider
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarItemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarPopupTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSize
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarSplitStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTabTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionBarWidgetTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionDropDownStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionMenuTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCloseDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCopyDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeCutDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeFindDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePasteDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModePopupWindowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSelectAllDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeShareDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeSplitBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionModeWebSearchDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_actionOverflowMenuStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_activityChooserViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogCenterButtons
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_alertDialogTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowAnimationStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_android_windowIsFloating
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_autoCompleteTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_borderlessButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_buttonStyleSmall
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkboxStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_checkedTextViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorAccent
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorBackgroundFloating
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorButtonNormal
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlActivated
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlHighlight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorControlNormal
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimary
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorPrimaryDark
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_colorSwitchThumbNormal
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_controlBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogPreferredPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dialogTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerHorizontal
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dividerVertical
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropDownListViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_editTextStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_homeAsUpIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_imageButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listDividerAlertDialog
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listMenuViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPopupWindowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightLarge
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemHeightSmall
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_listPreferredItemPaddingRight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_panelMenuListWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupMenuStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_popupWindowStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_radioButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleIndicator
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_ratingBarStyleSmall
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_searchViewStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_seekBarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerDropDownItemStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_spinnerStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_switchStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItem
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceListItemSmall
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearancePopupMenuHeader
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorAlertDialogListItem
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_textColorSearchUrl
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_toolbarStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBar
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionBarOverlay
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowActionModeOverlay
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMajor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedHeightMinor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMajor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowFixedWidthMinor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMajor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowMinWidthMinor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int AppCompatTheme_windowNoTitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] BottomNavigationView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemIconTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_itemTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomNavigationView_menu
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] BottomSheetBehavior_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_hideable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_peekHeight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int BottomSheetBehavior_Layout_behavior_skipCollapsed
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleGravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_collapsedTitleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_contentScrim
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleGravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMargin
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginBottom
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleMarginTop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_expandedTitleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimAnimationDuration
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_scrimVisibleHeightTrigger
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_statusBarScrim
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_title
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_titleEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_toolbarId
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CollapsingToolbarLayout_Layout_layout_collapseParallaxMultiplier
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ColorStateListItem
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_alpha
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ColorStateListItem_android_color
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_keylines
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_statusBarBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] CoordinatorLayout_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_android_layout_gravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_anchorGravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_behavior
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_dodgeInsetEdges
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_insetEdge
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int CoordinatorLayout_Layout_layout_keyline
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] DesignTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetDialogTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_bottomSheetStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DesignTheme_textColorError
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_backgroundTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_borderWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_fabSize
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_pressedTranslationZ
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_rippleColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_useCompatPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int FloatingActionButton_Behavior_Layout_behavior_autoHide
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ForegroundLinearLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foreground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_android_foregroundGravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ForegroundLinearLayout_foregroundInsidePadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] LoadingImageView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_circleCrop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatio
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int LoadingImageView_imageAspectRatioAdjust
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] MapAttrs
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_ambientEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraBearing
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraMaxZoomPreference
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraMinZoomPreference
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraTargetLat
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraTargetLng
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraTilt
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_cameraZoom
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsNorthEastLatitude
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsNorthEastLongitude
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsSouthWestLatitude
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_latLngBoundsSouthWestLongitude
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_liteMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_mapType
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiCompass
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiMapToolbar
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiRotateGestures
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiScrollGestures
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiTiltGestures
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiZoomControls
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_uiZoomGestures
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_useViewLifecycle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MapAttrs_zOrderOnTop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int MenuView_subMenuArrow
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] NavigationView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_background
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_fitsSystemWindows
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_android_maxWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_headerLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemIconTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_itemTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int NavigationView_menu
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupAnimationStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] RecycleListView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingBottomNoButtons
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecycleListView_paddingTopNoTitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] RecyclerView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_descendantFocusability
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_android_orientation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_layoutManager
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_reverseLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_spanCount
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RecyclerView_stackFromEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] RoundedImageView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_android_scaleType
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_color
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_border_width
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_left
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_bottom_right
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_left
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_corner_radius_top_right
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_mutate_background
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_oval
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_x
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int RoundedImageView_riv_tile_mode_y
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ScrimInsetsFrameLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ScrimInsetsFrameLayout_insetForeground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ScrollingViewBehavior_Layout_behavior_overlapTop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] SignInButton
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SignInButton_buttonSize
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SignInButton_colorScheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SignInButton_scopeUris
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] SnackbarLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_android_maxWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_elevation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SnackbarLayout_maxActionInlineWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_entries
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_trackTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] TabItem
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_icon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabItem_android_text
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] TabLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabBackground
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabContentStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabGravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabIndicatorHeight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMaxWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMinWidth
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPadding
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingBottom
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabPaddingTop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabSelectedTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TabLayout_tabTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColorHint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] TextInputLayout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_hint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_android_textColorHint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterMaxLength
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterOverflowTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_counterTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_errorTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintAnimationEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_hintTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleContentDescription
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleDrawable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleEnabled
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int TextInputLayout_passwordToggleTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_buttonGravity
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEndWithActions
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStartWithNavigation
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargin
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] View
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int View_theme
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_like_view
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_auxiliary_view_position
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_foreground_color
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_horizontal_alignment
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_object_id
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_object_type
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_like_view_com_facebook_style
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_login_view
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_confirm_logout
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_login_text
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_logout_text
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_login_view_com_facebook_tooltip_mode
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int[] com_facebook_profile_picture_view
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_view_com_facebook_is_cropped
il.co.idocare.R$styleable: int com_facebook_profile_picture_view_com_facebook_preset_size
il.co.idocare.R$xml: int authenticator
il.co.idocare.R$xml: int syncadapter
il.co.idocare.contentproviders.IDoCareContentProvider
il.co.idocare.contentproviders.IDoCareContentProvider: IDoCareContentProvider()
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.AbstractActivity: AbstractActivity()
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.LoginActivity
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.LoginActivity: LoginActivity()
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.MainActivity
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.MainActivity: MainActivity()
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.StartupActivity
il.co.idocare.controllers.activities.StartupActivity: StartupActivity()
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.LoginChooserFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginSucceededEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.LoginChooserFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginFailedEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.LoginNativeFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginSucceededEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.LoginNativeFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginFailedEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.LoginNativeFragment: void onInfoDialogDismissed(il.co.idocare.dialogs.events.InfoDialogDismissedEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.SignupNativeFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginSucceededEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.SignupNativeFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginFailedEvent)
il.co.idocare.controllers.fragments.SignupNativeFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.dialogs.events.PromptDialogDismissedEvent)
il.co.idocare.datamodels.functional.RequestItem$RequestStatus: il.co.idocare.datamodels.functional.RequestItem$RequestStatus[] values()
il.co.idocare.datamodels.functional.RequestItem$RequestStatus: il.co.idocare.datamodels.functional.RequestItem$RequestStatus valueOf(java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.location.LocationTrackerService
il.co.idocare.location.LocationTrackerService: LocationTrackerService()
il.co.idocare.location.LocationTrackerService: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LocationEvents$HighAccuracyLocationRequiredEvent)
il.co.idocare.mvcviews.navdrawerentry.NavigationDrawerEntryViewMVC: android.os.Bundle getViewState()
il.co.idocare.networking.GeneralApi
il.co.idocare.networking.GeneralApi: retrofit2.Call downloadFile(java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.networking.GeneralApi: retrofit2.Call reverseGeocode(int,int,java.lang.String,double,double)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call signup(okhttp3.MultipartBody)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call loginNative(java.lang.String,java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call getUsersInfo(java.util.Map)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call getRequests()
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call createNewRequest(okhttp3.MultipartBody)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call pickupRequest(java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call closeRequest(okhttp3.MultipartBody)
il.co.idocare.networking.ServerApi: retrofit2.Call voteForRequest(java.lang.String,int,java.lang.String)
il.co.idocare.screens.common.fragments.BaseFragment: BaseFragment()
il.co.idocare.screens.common.toolbar.ToolbarManager: void onDrawerVisibilityStateChange(il.co.idocare.screens.navigationdrawer.events.NavigationDrawerStateChangeEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.navigationdrawer.fragments.NavigationDrawerFragment
il.co.idocare.screens.navigationdrawer.fragments.NavigationDrawerFragment: NavigationDrawerFragment()
il.co.idocare.screens.navigationdrawer.fragments.NavigationDrawerFragment: void onPromptDialogDismissed(il.co.idocare.dialogs.events.PromptDialogDismissedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.navigationdrawer.fragments.NavigationDrawerFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.eventbusevents.LoginStateEvents$LoginSucceededEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.navigationdrawer.fragments.NavigationDrawerFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.authentication.events.UserLoggedOutEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requestdetails.fragments.NewAndCloseRequestBaseFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.authentication.events.UserLoggedOutEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requestdetails.fragments.RequestDetailsFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.authentication.events.UserLoggedOutEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requestdetails.fragments.RequestDetailsFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.users.events.UserDataChangedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requestdetails.fragments.RequestDetailsFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.requests.events.RequestsChangedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requestdetails.fragments.RequestDetailsFragment: void onEvent(il.co.idocare.requests.events.RequestIdChangedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requestdetails.fragments.RequestDetailsFragment: void onPromptDialogDismissed(il.co.idocare.dialogs.events.PromptDialogDismissedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requests.fragments.RequestsAllFragment: void onRequestsChanged(il.co.idocare.requests.events.RequestsChangedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requests.fragments.RequestsListBaseFragment: void onPromptDialogDismissed(il.co.idocare.dialogs.events.PromptDialogDismissedEvent)
il.co.idocare.screens.requests.fragments.RequestsMyFragment: void onRequestsChanged(il.co.idocare.requests.events.RequestsChangedEvent)
il.co.idocare.services.AuthenticatorService
il.co.idocare.services.AuthenticatorService: AuthenticatorService()
il.co.idocare.services.SyncService
il.co.idocare.services.SyncService: SyncService()
il.co.idocare.users.UsersDataMonitoringManager: void onUserDataChanged(il.co.idocare.users.events.UserDataChangedEvent)
il.co.idocare.widgets.SwipeImageGalleryView
il.co.idocare.widgets.SwipeImageGalleryView: SwipeImageGalleryView(android.content.Context)
il.co.idocare.widgets.SwipeImageGalleryView: SwipeImageGalleryView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
il.co.idocare.widgets.SwipeImageGalleryView: SwipeImageGalleryView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
il.co.idocare.widgets.SwipeImageGalleryView: SwipeImageGalleryView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int,int)
il.co.idocare.widgets.VerticalScrollView
il.co.idocare.widgets.VerticalScrollView: VerticalScrollView(android.content.Context)
il.co.idocare.widgets.VerticalScrollView: VerticalScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
il.co.idocare.widgets.VerticalScrollView: VerticalScrollView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult: okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult[] values()
okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult: okhttp3.HttpUrl$Builder$ParseResult valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol[] values()
okhttp3.Protocol: okhttp3.Protocol valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion[] values()
okhttp3.TlsVersion: okhttp3.TlsVersion valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode[] values()
okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode: okhttp3.internal.framed.ErrorCode valueOf(java.lang.String)
okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode: okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode[] values()
okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode: okhttp3.internal.framed.HeadersMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode POSTING
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode MAIN
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode BACKGROUND
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode ASYNC
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode[] $VALUES
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode[] values()
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode valueOf(java.lang.String)
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: ThreadMode(java.lang.String,int)
org.greenrobot.eventbus.ThreadMode: void <clinit>()
org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId: org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId[] values()
org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId: org.joda.time.format.DateTimeFormatterBuilder$TimeZoneId valueOf(java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: boolean DEBUG
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: java.lang.String APPLICATION_ID
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: java.lang.String BUILD_TYPE
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: java.lang.String FLAVOR
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: int VERSION_CODE
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: java.lang.String VERSION_NAME
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyActivityFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyActivityFactory: android.view.View onActivityCreateView(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Map DEFAULT_STYLES
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig sInstance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean mIsFontSet
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: java.lang.String mFontPath
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: int mAttrId
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean mReflection
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean mCustomViewCreation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean mCustomViewTypefaceSupport
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Map mClassStyleAttributeMap
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Set hasTypefaceViews
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: void addAppCompatViews()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: void initDefault(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig get()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: CalligraphyConfig(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: java.lang.String getFontPath()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isFontSet()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isReflection()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isCustomViewCreation()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isCustomViewTypefaceSupport()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: boolean isCustomViewHasTypeface(android.view.View)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: java.util.Map getClassStyles()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: int getAttrId()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig: void <clinit>()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: int INVALID_ATTR_ID
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean reflection
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean customViewCreation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean customViewTypefaceSupport
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: int attrId
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean isFontSet
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.lang.String fontAssetPath
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Map mStyleClassMap
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Set mHasTypefaceClasses
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: CalligraphyConfig$Builder()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder setFontAttrId(int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder setDefaultFontPath(java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder disablePrivateFactoryInjection()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder disableCustomViewInflation()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder addCustomStyle(java.lang.Class,int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder addCustomViewWithSetTypeface(java.lang.Class)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig build()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean access$000(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.lang.String access$100(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: int access$200(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean access$300(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean access$400(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: boolean access$500(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Map access$600(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder: java.util.Set access$700(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig$Builder)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater mInflater
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: int mAttributeId
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: android.content.ContextWrapper wrap(android.content.Context)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: android.view.View onActivityCreateView(android.app.Activity,android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyActivityFactory get(android.app.Activity)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: CalligraphyContextWrapper(android.content.Context)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: CalligraphyContextWrapper(android.content.Context,int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyContextWrapper: java.lang.Object getSystemService(java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: java.lang.String ACTION_BAR_TITLE
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: java.lang.String ACTION_BAR_SUBTITLE
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: int[] mAttributeId
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: int[] getStyleForTextView(android.widget.TextView)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: boolean isActionBarTitle(android.widget.TextView)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: boolean isActionBarSubTitle(android.widget.TextView)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: boolean parentIsToolbarV7(android.view.View)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: boolean matchesResourceIdName(android.view.View,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: CalligraphyFactory(int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: android.view.View onViewCreated(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: void onViewCreatedInternal(android.view.View,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: android.graphics.Typeface getDefaultTypeface(android.content.Context,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory: java.lang.String resolveFontPath(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.String BLANK
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mCalligraphyFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mContextRef
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.ref.WeakReference mToolbarReference
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: java.lang.CharSequence originalSubTitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory,android.content.Context,android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: void onGlobalLayout()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: void removeSelf(android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory,android.content.Context,android.support.v7.widget.Toolbar,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$1)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory$ToolbarLayoutListener: void <clinit>()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: java.lang.String[] sClassPrefixList
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: int mAttributeId
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory mCalligraphyFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: boolean mSetPrivateFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: java.lang.reflect.Field mConstructorArgs
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: CalligraphyLayoutInflater(android.content.Context,int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: CalligraphyLayoutInflater(android.view.LayoutInflater,android.content.Context,int,boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.LayoutInflater cloneInContext(android.content.Context)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.View inflate(org.xmlpull.v1.XmlPullParser,android.view.ViewGroup,boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: void setUpLayoutFactories(boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: void setFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: void setFactory2(android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory2)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: void setPrivateFactoryInternal()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.View onActivityCreateView(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.View onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.View onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.View createCustomViewInternal(android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: android.view.View access$000(uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater,android.view.View,android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater: void <clinit>()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$PrivateWrapperFactory2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$PrivateWrapperFactory2: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater mInflater
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$PrivateWrapperFactory2: CalligraphyLayoutInflater$PrivateWrapperFactory2(android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory2,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$PrivateWrapperFactory2: android.view.View onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory: android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory mFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater mInflater
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory mCalligraphyFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory: CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory(android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory: android.view.View onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2: android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory2 mFactory2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory mCalligraphyFactory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2: CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2(android.view.LayoutInflater$Factory2,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyFactory)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2: android.view.View onCreateView(java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyLayoutInflater$WrapperFactory2: android.view.View onCreateView(android.view.View,java.lang.String,android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: android.graphics.Typeface typeface
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: CalligraphyTypefaceSpan(android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: void updateDrawState(android.text.TextPaint)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: void updateMeasureState(android.text.TextPaint)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan: void apply(android.graphics.Paint)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: int[] ANDROID_ATTR_TEXT_APPEARANCE
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.Boolean sToolbarCheck
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.Boolean sAppCompatViewCheck
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.CharSequence applyTypefaceSpan(java.lang.CharSequence,android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.widget.TextView,android.graphics.Typeface,boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: boolean applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,java.lang.String,boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig,boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: void applyFontToTextView(android.content.Context,android.widget.TextView,uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyConfig,java.lang.String,boolean)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromView(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromStyle(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromTextAppearance(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int[])
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromTheme(android.content.Context,int,int[])
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: java.lang.String pullFontPathFromTheme(android.content.Context,int,int,int[])
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: boolean canCheckForV7Toolbar()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: boolean canAddV7AppCompatViews()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: CalligraphyUtils()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils: void <clinit>()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils$1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils$1: android.graphics.Typeface val$typeface
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils$1: CalligraphyUtils$1(android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils$1: void beforeTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils$1: void onTextChanged(java.lang.CharSequence,int,int,int)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyUtils$1: void afterTextChanged(android.text.Editable)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.HasTypeface
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.HasTypeface: void setTypeface(android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R: R()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_fade_in
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_fade_out
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_grow_fade_in_from_bottom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_popup_enter
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_popup_exit
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_shrink_fade_out_from_bottom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_bottom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_slide_in_top
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_bottom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: int abc_slide_out_top
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$anim: R$anim()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarDivider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarItemBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarPopupTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarSize
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarSplitStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarTabBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarTabStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarTabTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionBarWidgetTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionDropDownStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionMenuTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionMenuTextColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeCloseButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeCloseDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeCopyDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeCutDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeFindDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModePasteDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModePopupWindowStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeSelectAllDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeShareDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeSplitBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionModeWebSearchDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionOverflowButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionOverflowMenuStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionProviderClass
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int actionViewClass
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int activityChooserViewStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int alertDialogButtonGroupStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int alertDialogCenterButtons
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int alertDialogStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int alertDialogTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int allowStacking
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int arrowHeadLength
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int arrowShaftLength
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int autoCompleteTextViewStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int background
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int backgroundSplit
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int backgroundStacked
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int backgroundTint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int backgroundTintMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int barLength
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int borderlessButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonBarButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonBarNegativeButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonBarNeutralButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonBarPositiveButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonPanelSideLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonStyleSmall
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonTint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int buttonTintMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int checkboxStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int checkedTextViewStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int closeIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int closeItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int collapseContentDescription
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int collapseIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int color
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorAccent
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorButtonNormal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorControlActivated
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorControlHighlight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorControlNormal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorPrimary
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorPrimaryDark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int colorSwitchThumbNormal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int commitIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int contentInsetEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int contentInsetLeft
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int contentInsetRight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int contentInsetStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int controlBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int customNavigationLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int defaultQueryHint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dialogPreferredPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dialogTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int displayOptions
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int divider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dividerHorizontal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dividerPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dividerVertical
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int drawableSize
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int drawerArrowStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dropDownListViewStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int dropdownListPreferredItemHeight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int editTextBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int editTextColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int editTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int elevation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int fontPath
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int gapBetweenBars
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int goIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int hideOnContentScroll
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int homeAsUpIndicator
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int homeLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int iconifiedByDefault
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int imageButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int indeterminateProgressStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int initialActivityCount
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int isLightTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int itemPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listChoiceBackgroundIndicator
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listDividerAlertDialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listPopupWindowStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightLarge
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listPreferredItemHeightSmall
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingLeft
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int listPreferredItemPaddingRight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int logo
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int logoDescription
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int maxButtonHeight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int measureWithLargestChild
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int multiChoiceItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int navigationContentDescription
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int navigationIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int navigationMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int overlapAnchor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int paddingEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int paddingStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int panelBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int panelMenuListTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int panelMenuListWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int popupMenuStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int popupTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int popupWindowStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int preserveIconSpacing
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int progressBarPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int progressBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int queryBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int queryHint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int radioButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int ratingBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int searchHintIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int searchIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int searchViewStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int seekBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int selectableItemBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int selectableItemBackgroundBorderless
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int showAsAction
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int showDividers
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int showText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int singleChoiceItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int spinBars
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int spinnerDropDownItemStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int spinnerStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int splitTrack
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int state_above_anchor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int submitBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int subtitleTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int subtitleTextColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int subtitleTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int suggestionRowLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int switchMinWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int switchPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int switchStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int switchTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAllCaps
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAppearanceLargePopupMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAppearanceListItemSmall
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultSubtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAppearanceSearchResultTitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textAppearanceSmallPopupMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textColorAlertDialogListItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int textColorSearchUrl
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int theme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int thickness
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int thumbTextPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleMarginBottom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleMarginEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleMarginStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleMarginTop
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleMargins
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleTextColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int titleTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int toolbarNavigationButtonStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int toolbarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int track
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int voiceIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowActionBarOverlay
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowActionModeOverlay
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMajor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowFixedHeightMinor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMajor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowFixedWidthMinor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMajor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowMinWidthMinor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: int windowNoTitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$attr: R$attr()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool: int abc_action_bar_embed_tabs
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool: int abc_allow_stacked_button_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool: int abc_config_actionMenuItemAllCaps
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool: int abc_config_closeDialogWhenTouchOutside
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool: int abc_config_showMenuShortcutsWhenKeyboardPresent
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$bool: R$bool()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_background_cache_hint_selector_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_color_highlight_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_input_method_navigation_guard
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_primary_text_disable_only_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_primary_text_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_search_url_text
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_normal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_pressed
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_search_url_text_selected
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int abc_secondary_text_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int accent_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int accent_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int background_floating_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int background_floating_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int background_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int background_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int bright_foreground_disabled_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int bright_foreground_inverse_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int bright_foreground_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int button_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int button_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int dim_foreground_disabled_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int dim_foreground_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int foreground_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int foreground_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int highlighted_text_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_blue_grey_800
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_blue_grey_900
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_blue_grey_950
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_deep_teal_200
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_deep_teal_500
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_100
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_300
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_50
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_600
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_800
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_850
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int material_grey_900
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_dark_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_dark_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_text_default_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int primary_text_disabled_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int ripple_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int ripple_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int secondary_text_default_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int secondary_text_disabled_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int switch_thumb_disabled_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int switch_thumb_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: int switch_thumb_normal_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$color: R$color()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_content_inset_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_height_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_end_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_default_padding_start_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_icon_vertical_padding_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_end_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_overflow_padding_start_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_progress_bar_size
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_max_height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_stacked_tab_max_width
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_bottom_margin_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_bar_subtitle_top_margin_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_height_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_action_button_min_width_overflow_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_horizontal_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_button_inset_vertical_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_horizontal_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_button_padding_vertical_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_config_prefDialogWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_control_corner_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_control_inset_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_control_padding_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_major
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_height_minor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_major
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_fixed_width_minor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_major
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_min_width_minor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dialog_padding_top_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_disabled_alpha_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_icon_width
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_left
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_dropdownitem_text_padding_right
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_bottom_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_horizontal_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_edit_text_inset_top_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_floating_window_z
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_list_item_padding_horizontal_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_panel_menu_list_width
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_search_view_preferred_width
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_background_height_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_seekbar_track_progress_height_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_select_dialog_padding_start_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_switch_padding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_1_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_body_2_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_button_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_caption_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_1_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_2_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_3_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_display_4_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_headline_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_large_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_medium_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_menu_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_small_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subhead_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_subtitle_material_toolbar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int abc_text_size_title_material_toolbar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int disabled_alpha_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_colored
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int highlight_alpha_material_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int notification_large_icon_width
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: int notification_subtext_size
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$dimen: R$dimen()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ab_share_pack_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_action_bar_item_background_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_borderless_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_000
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_check_to_on_mtrl_015
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_colored_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_default_mtrl_shape
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_000
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_radio_to_on_mtrl_015
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00001
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_btn_switch_to_on_mtrl_00012
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_internal_bg
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_cab_background_top_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_control_background_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_edit_text_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ic_commit_search_api_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_copy_mtrl_am_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_cut_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_paste_mtrl_am_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_selectall_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_ic_menu_share_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_item_background_holo_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_divider_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_focused_holo
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_longpressed_holo
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_pressed_holo_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_background_transition_holo_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_disabled_holo_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_list_selector_holo_light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_menu_hardkey_panel_mtrl_mult
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_popup_background_mtrl_mult
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_off_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_000
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_control_to_pressed_mtrl_005
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_primary_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_scrubber_track_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_thumb_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_seekbar_track_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_mtrl_am_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_spinner_textfield_background_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_switch_thumb_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_switch_track_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_tab_indicator_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_text_cursor_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_activated_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_default_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_activated_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_default_mtrl_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int abc_textfield_search_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: int notification_template_icon_bg
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$drawable: R$drawable()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action0
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar_activity_content
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar_container
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar_root
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar_spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar_subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_bar_title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_context_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_divider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_menu_divider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_menu_presenter
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_mode_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_mode_bar_stub
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int action_mode_close_button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int activity_chooser_view_content
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int alertTitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int always
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int beginning
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int buttonPanel
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int calligraphy_tag_id
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int cancel_action
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int checkbox
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int chronometer
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int collapseActionView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int contentPanel
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int custom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int customPanel
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int decor_content_parent
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int default_activity_button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int disableHome
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int edit_query
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int end
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int end_padder
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int expand_activities_button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int expanded_menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int home
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int homeAsUp
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int ifRoom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int image
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int info
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int line1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int line3
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int listMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int list_item
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int media_actions
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int middle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int multiply
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int never
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int none
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int normal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int parentPanel
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int progress_circular
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int progress_horizontal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int radio
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int screen
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int scrollIndicatorDown
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int scrollIndicatorUp
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int scrollView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_badge
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_close_btn
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_edit_frame
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_go_btn
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_mag_icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_plate
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_src_text
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int search_voice_btn
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int select_dialog_listview
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int shortcut
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int showCustom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int showHome
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int showTitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int spacer
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int split_action_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int src_atop
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int src_in
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int src_over
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int status_bar_latest_event_content
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int submit_area
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int tabMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int text
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int text2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int textSpacerNoButtons
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int time
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int title_template
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int topPanel
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int up
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int useLogo
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int withText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: int wrap_content
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$id: R$id()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$integer
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$integer: int abc_config_activityDefaultDur
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$integer: int abc_config_activityShortDur
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$integer: int cancel_button_image_alpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$integer: int status_bar_notification_info_maxnum
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$integer: R$integer()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_title_item
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_up_container
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_bar_view_list_nav_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_item_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_menu_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_bar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_action_mode_close_item_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_activity_chooser_view_list_item
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_button_bar_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_alert_dialog_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_dialog_title_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_expanded_menu_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_checkbox
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_list_menu_item_radio
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_popup_menu_item_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_screen_content_include
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_screen_simple_overlay_action_mode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_screen_toolbar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_search_dropdown_item_icons_2line
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_search_view
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int abc_select_dialog_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_media_action
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_media_cancel_action
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_template_big_media_narrow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_template_media
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_template_part_chronometer
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int notification_template_part_time
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int select_dialog_item_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int select_dialog_multichoice_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int select_dialog_singlechoice_material
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: int support_simple_spinner_dropdown_item
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$layout: R$layout()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_description_format
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_action_bar_home_subtitle_description_format
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_action_bar_up_description
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_action_menu_overflow_description
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_action_mode_done
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_activity_chooser_view_see_all
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_activitychooserview_choose_application
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_capital_off
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_capital_on
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_search_hint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_clear
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_query
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_search
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_submit
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_searchview_description_voice
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_shareactionprovider_share_with_application
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int abc_toolbar_collapse_description
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: int status_bar_notification_info_overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$string: R$string()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_AlertDialog_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Animation_AppCompat_DropDownUp
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitleBackground_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_FixedSize
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_FixedSize
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V11_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V12_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V21_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V22_Theme_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V23_Theme_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V7_Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_V7_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle_Common
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_EditText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Base_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_V11_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_V14_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Platform_Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_DialogWindowTitle_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TitleItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_DialogTitle_Icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_InternalGroup
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenuItem_Text
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_MagIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Icon2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Query
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlOverlay_Widget_AppCompat_Search_DropDown_Text
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int RtlUnderlay_Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Body2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Caption
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display1
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display3
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Display4
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Headline
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Large_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_SearchResult_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Light_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Medium_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_SearchResult_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Small_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Subhead_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Title_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Subtitle_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionBar_Title_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Subtitle_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_ActionMode_Title_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Button_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_DropDownItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Large
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_PopupMenu_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_Switch
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_AppCompat_Widget_TextView_SpinnerItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Info
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Line2
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Time
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_StatusBar_EventContent_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_ExpandedMenu_Item
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int TextAppearance_Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Dark_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int ThemeOverlay_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_CompactMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_DialogWhenLarge
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_Alert
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Dialog_MinWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DarkActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_DialogWhenLarge
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_Alert
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_Dialog_MinWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_Light_NoActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Theme_AppCompat_NoActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_Solid
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionBar_TabView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_CloseMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionButton_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActionMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ActivityChooserView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_AutoCompleteTextView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Borderless_Colored
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_ButtonBar_AlertDialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Colored
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Button_Small
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_CheckBox
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_RadioButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_CompoundButton_Switch
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DrawerArrowToggle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_DropDownItem_Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_EditText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ImageButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_Solid_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabBar_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabText_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionBar_TabView_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_CloseMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionButton_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActionMode_Inverse
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ActivityChooserView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_AutoCompleteTextView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_DropDownItem_Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListPopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_ListView_DropDown
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_PopupMenu_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_SearchView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Light_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListPopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_DropDown
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ListView_Menu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupMenu_Overflow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_PopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_ProgressBar_Horizontal
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_RatingBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SearchView_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_SeekBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_DropDown_ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Spinner_Underlined
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_TextView_SpinnerItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: int Widget_AppCompat_Toolbar_Button_Navigation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$style: R$style()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ActionBar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ActionBarLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBarLayout_android_layout_gravity
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_background
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundSplit
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_backgroundStacked
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetLeft
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetRight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_contentInsetStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_customNavigationLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_displayOptions
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_divider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_elevation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_hideOnContentScroll
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeAsUpIndicator
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_homeLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_indeterminateProgressStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_itemPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_logo
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_navigationMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_popupTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_progressBarStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_subtitleTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionBar_titleTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuItemView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMenuItemView_android_minWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ActionMenuView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ActionMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMode_background
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMode_backgroundSplit
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMode_closeItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMode_height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMode_subtitleTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActionMode_titleTextStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ActivityChooserView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_expandActivityOverflowButtonDrawable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ActivityChooserView_initialActivityCount
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] AlertDialog
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_android_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_buttonPanelSideLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_listLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_multiChoiceItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AlertDialog_singleChoiceItemLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] AppCompatTextView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_android_textAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int AppCompatTextView_textAllCaps
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ButtonBarLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ButtonBarLayout_allowStacking
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] CompoundButton
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_android_button
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int CompoundButton_buttonTintMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] DrawerArrowToggle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowHeadLength
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_arrowShaftLength
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_barLength
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_color
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_drawableSize
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_gapBetweenBars
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_spinBars
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int DrawerArrowToggle_thickness
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] LinearLayoutCompat_Layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_gravity
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_height
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_weight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_Layout_android_layout_width
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAligned
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_baselineAlignedChildIndex
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_gravity
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_orientation
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_android_weightSum
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_divider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_dividerPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_measureWithLargestChild
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int LinearLayoutCompat_showDividers
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ListPopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownHorizontalOffset
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ListPopupWindow_android_dropDownVerticalOffset
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] MenuGroup
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_checkableBehavior
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_enabled
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_id
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_menuCategory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_orderInCategory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuGroup_android_visible
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] MenuItem
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionProviderClass
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_actionViewClass
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_alphabeticShortcut
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checkable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_checked
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_enabled
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_icon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_id
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_menuCategory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_numericShortcut
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_onClick
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_orderInCategory
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_titleCondensed
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_android_visible
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuItem_showAsAction
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] MenuView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_headerBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_horizontalDivider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemIconDisabledAlpha
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_itemTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_verticalDivider
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_android_windowAnimationStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int MenuView_preserveIconSpacing
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindow
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] PopupWindowBackgroundState
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int PopupWindowBackgroundState_state_above_anchor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_android_popupBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int PopupWindow_overlapAnchor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] SearchView
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_focusable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_imeOptions
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_inputType
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_android_maxWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_closeIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_commitIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_defaultQueryHint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_goIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_iconifiedByDefault
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_queryHint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchHintIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_searchIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_submitBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_suggestionRowLayout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SearchView_voiceIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] Spinner
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_dropDownWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_popupBackground
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Spinner_android_prompt
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Spinner_popupTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] SwitchCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOff
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_textOn
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_android_thumb
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_showText
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_splitTrack
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchMinWidth
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_switchTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_thumbTextPadding
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int SwitchCompat_track
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] TextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDx
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowDy
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_shadowRadius
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textSize
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_textStyle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_android_typeface
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int TextAppearance_textAllCaps
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] Toolbar
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_gravity
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_android_minHeight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseContentDescription
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_collapseIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetLeft
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetRight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_contentInsetStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logo
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_logoDescription
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_maxButtonHeight
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationContentDescription
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_navigationIcon
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_popupTheme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitle
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_subtitleTextColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_title
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginBottom
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMarginTop
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleMargins
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextAppearance
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int Toolbar_titleTextColor
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] View
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ViewBackgroundHelper
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_android_background
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTint
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ViewBackgroundHelper_backgroundTintMode
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int[] ViewStubCompat
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_id
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_inflatedId
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int ViewStubCompat_android_layout
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int View_android_focusable
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int View_android_theme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int View_paddingEnd
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int View_paddingStart
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: int View_theme
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: R$styleable()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.R$styleable: void <clinit>()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: java.lang.String TAG
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: ReflectionUtils()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: java.lang.reflect.Field getField(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: java.lang.Object getValue(java.lang.reflect.Field,java.lang.Object)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: void setValue(java.lang.reflect.Field,java.lang.Object,java.lang.Object)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: java.lang.reflect.Method getMethod(java.lang.Class,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: void invokeMethod(java.lang.Object,java.lang.reflect.Method,java.lang.Object[])
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.ReflectionUtils: void <clinit>()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: java.util.Map sCachedFonts
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: java.util.Map sCachedSpans
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: android.graphics.Typeface load(android.content.res.AssetManager,java.lang.String)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.CalligraphyTypefaceSpan getSpan(android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: boolean isLoaded(android.graphics.Typeface)
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: TypefaceUtils()
uk.co.chrisjenx.calligraphy.TypefaceUtils: void <clinit>()
